From the day you were born, you've been like a well-seasoned superhero.
For centuries, the Tyrant has made life like an impatient storm reaching to be a hurricane.
You’ve discovered that your body is like fortified steel.
Seemingly honorable it would be easy to mistake you to be like a valiant knight.
A few weeks later, a letter arrives, explaining that you are like a daisy in a field of sunflowers.
After taking a pill, you suddenly realize that it all was hard to master.
Unfortunately, their ideas about your past life are like drunken bat swings at a dart board.
A rather mundane day changes when you unearth something priceless.
But times are hard, and silver bullets are like polished diamonds these days.
Whenever the sun goes away, he stays up there keeping the magic alive.
The majority of law enforcement has become like a phonograph at a smartphone convention.
Your guardian angel is just a little too much awake.
The sun is nowhere to be found, and the streets are like a vacant, air-choked library.
After a few weeks he’s starting to feel like a tiger again.
You decline but the man is like a buzzing killer bee.
Last night you learned from your wife that lucid dreams are like sunny days in london.
As you approach him, his eyes begin to shed tears that appear like trembling stars.
Milton scrunched his eyes and moodily turned back to his computer dead.
The news hit me like ton of bricks.
It makes Hunger Games look lame.
The bliss has reached fever pitch as it engulfs me like afternoon sun's rays.
Streaks of electricity cackled through the air, swirling around and around beautiful.
Off she went fast.
You just started staring off into space and smiling funny.
Clare felt each stirke like it were the plunge of a poison-soaked blade.
Having a thin figure, he looked dangerous.
The wind stampeded through me like desperate herd of wildebeest.
I start to prowl across the room dangerous.
Pain shoots out loud and clear.
At that point, it could spread like wild fire.
The words cut through the air like hot iron sharpening skirt pleats.
The library grew back hard to find.
The door seemed impenetrable, hard to break.
Adrenaline shot through him like a lightning bolt.
Pale, yet bright it's flesh glowed dangerous.
The old van in the field is like baby swaddled a little too tightly in a blanket.
Hitler skittered off like an enthusiastic sloth.
Panic is sweeping through the streets like an ambitious virus.
Thrown away like sweat-soaked gym socks.
I wander like an unrequited lover.
Keaton was lying face down on the ground sharp and dangerous.
The sound hit Frank like the carnal screams of a rock concert moshpit.
Her neck was like the smooth curve of a pearl.
They had shut him in a basement that looked like an overstuffed sardine can.
The images flashed in the brilliance that covered him soft and fluffy.
It was red, like a forbidden rubied rose.
The sound of his own blood sounds like scraping metal against a chalkboard.
Pink orange yellow green black white, I felt numb and slack-jawed, gaping delicious.
In the dead of summer, in Ohio, the clothes felt like melting rubber.
I live like a CEO with diamond-studded sneakers.
You visit the tower at night to get a new perspective, expecting nothing like the glory of the Northen Lights.
A character knows that their universe is fictional, but everyone thinks they are funny.
They all agree the books are good reads, but they are like flamingoes in antartica.
But he's much stronger than you and his ideas are like a jet black against your neon green.
Honestly, we probably should have coordinated like identical twins with matching outfits.
You wake one morning to find your entire family lying like gray slabs of cement.
In most horror settings, silence is awesome.
But the next morning, it sounds adorable.
Drinking it will either kill you, or grant you strength and abilities like a waterfall.
Constructing the flat pack TV cabinet was meant to be like putting on velcro shoes.
Growing up, people always thought you were like an okapi in a herd of donkeys.
It seems like he's just really charismatic, until his demands become gradually more dangerous.
A bright light shines above you, but the rest of the room is like a moonless night.
We see billionaires with full meters and homeless people like hollowed shells.
One day you decide to test it out and what you experience is awesome.
The things that wait in between the two are like the mud and leaves clogging the gutter.
Friends' bars are almost full while strangers' are like dwindling smartphone batteries.
They just killed an investigation journalist that was looking a curious toddler pressed against a store window.
To the superhero they are keeping the people and the world like well-watched children.
After finding a strange mask on the beach, you become suddenly more hot as hell.
When times are good, your dreams are like twisted shadows.
Except no one knows because they are like gnats.
But this other world doesn't want to be known, it wants to remain like a creature amidst the untouchable depths of the sea.
You are a chef who prepares onions in a world where crying is fatal.
You are the final boss of a videogame and are like the king of a mighty empire.
Navigating fantasy "Japan" has proven very [helpful]
You are an oracle whose predictions have always come like the rising sun.
As they touch the ground, they are like melting snowflakes.
They were visible to all, but like blurred watercolored lines.
It starts to worry you that everyone is like a snowman looking at the first spring sun.
If it falls into the wrong hands it would be like nuclear apocalypse.
Because of this, all interstellar species evolved on gas giants and thought earth was like a tight fist of wasted dirt.
Maybe you'll give Valhalla a try, the possibilities are endless.
You’ve just made a breakthrough in AI that meant that our species became like useless flesh blobs.
When the prophet told you that all your dreams would come true, you were like a million-dollar lottery winner.
While it has been confirmed to not be blood the truth is even more like broken skeltetons in a closet.
No matter how many times you try you're always like a sloth at a racetrack.
Turns out, tag between super heroes can get dangerous.
Netflix& chill just went hard to crack.
The secret is you can rewind time like a held breath.
After 10 minutes your head becomes like the morning fog.
As a human tick hybrid, life can sometimes be like sucking the nectar out of dried fruit.
Unfortunately, you have a "spiritual disorder", and your luck is almost always like a dried-up puddle.
Describe your 'real' self in third person without sounding pompous beauty guru.
This tale, however, speaks of a god who's as incompetent as he is annoy.
The horse, who understands the conversation, is like an underappreciated beauty queen.
The bottom of the ocean is dark, claustrophobic.
When you confront him about it, he is like a beffudled toddler.
When you were but a child, your creative power was like the heartbeats of a million suns.
Her relationships with family and friends are like puzzles with missing pieces.
The predators never anticipated their enemies would be this much like titanium.
You wake up to find that is beautiful.
Trying to rationalize the situation eventually becomes like catching a fly.
Nobody notices until your body is found, like a gray frostbitten log.
Until you notice their eyes are glowing like celestial emeralds.
The shade and sarcasm they throw at each other is too damn much like watching a monkey fight with bananas.
Though the distance I have to cover is short, it feels like a scorching trek through Death Valley.
The surface of mars was blossoming like the Garden of Eden.
The city was like a hard diamond.
They were well-cooked, and actually tasted like how a symphony sounds.
It was obscene, but she was drawn to it, like moth to a flame.
Rory looked at her as if she were awesome.
My eyes teared up and I could feel my face turning red.
She smirked when she saw me looking at it, eyes huge and mouth dangerous.
I made quick work of one with my knife and slipped inside black.
He adjusted himself groggily, but upon seeing me, he sprang up alert.
I needed to keep my cool, but the King surely wasn't making it so relax.
He was executed the next day, and Sparrow was declared to be like the ghosts of old.
Then there weren’t any more parties as the house became like an abandoned museum.
The man’s pale skin appeared human, but appearances were like subtle camoflage.
I knew there was pain but this was like being seered in the bluest part of a flame.
It wouldn't always be noticeable, but it was always like the morning dew.
But when we made contact with them they were like shy kindergarteners.
He had a wide smile, but his eyes were cold, yet intense like polar ice.
The knocking on the door was more assertive now, more pompous.
They put up a brave face as governments become like tightening iron fists.
An ordinary citizen coming to power in this way is like a blue moon.
Yet as the days would pass the user would become beautiful.
After decades of drought the Western United states is declared dangerous.
You both have something important to say, but time is precious.
You're the only one who notices, but you're remarkably cool as cucumber.
The child's job is to attract followers to make their deity more omnipotent.
Everyone is a robot subtly testing you, but you are starting to get like an amateur detective.
You have no idea why people suddenly have become like pale frail zombies.
Their nuclear program however, has fallen like a chopped tree in a field.
You can freely switch between them, but the rest go like extinguished flames.
The suspect on your biggest case is squeaky clean, but you know they're like a gold cup full of dirt.
Several thousand years in the future, humans evolved to be like fleshed automatons.
Amen has fascinating joyful dreams every night, while his real life is like a perpetual thunderstorm of misuer.
All contact with the surface has been lost, and the radiation topside is like skin-permeating poison.
You are at a business dinner with your boss when your phone rings out loud and clear.
A global catastrophe causes all major technology to be rendered like burned ashes.
We have learned that the ending of the Earth is imminent like a blak hole's event horizon.
On your way to work, you notice the world is a hushed preschool classroom.
It was a moonless nights, the air was still and the crickets were like living shadows.
Reincarnation has been proven, memories are now like items in the school lost and found.
We're starting to discover life is like an immovable mountain.
In the near future e-sports have become extremely popular and profitable.
Your dog is very excited to see you and is acting like a hyperactive sloth.
Telling lies to the young is like clippin the wings of a butterfly.
