From the day you were born, you've been dangerous.
For centuries, the Tyrant has made life like an impatient storm preparing to be a hurricane.
You’ve found that your body is like fortified steel.
Seemingly honorable it would be easy to mistake you to be like a valiant knight.
A few weeks later, a letter arrives, saying that you are like a daisy in a field of sunflowers.
After taking a pill, you suddenly realize that it all was hard to master.
Unfortunately, their ideas about your past life are like drunken bat lashes at a dart board.
A rather mundane day changes when you unearth something rare.
But times are hard, and silver bullets are like flying diamonds these days.
Whenever the sun goes away, he stays up there burning the magic like a sacred burning flame.
The majority of law enforcement has become like a phonograph at a smartphone convention.
Your guardian angel is just a little too much awake.
The sun is nowhere to be found, and the streets are like a vacant, air-choked library.
After a few weeks he’s starting to feel like a tiger.
You decline but the man is like a flying killer bee.
Last night you found from your wife that lucid dreams are like sunny days in London.
As you approach him, his eyes begin to shed tears that fall like trembling stars.
Milton scrunched his eyes and moodily turned back to his computer dead.
The news hit me like a ton of bricks.
It makes Hunger Games look tacky.
The bliss has grown fever pitch as it engulfs me like afternoon sun's rays.
Streaks of electricity cackled through the air, swirling around and around like a tango with death itself.
Off she went like a ballistic missile.
You just started staring off into space and smiling dangerous.
Clare felt each stirke like it were the plunge of a poison-soaked blade.
Having a thin figure, he looked like a worn, overgrown blade of grass.
The wind rushed through me like a desperate herd of wildebeest.
I start to prowl across the room stron.
Pain shoots out like a flying firecracker.
At that point, it could burn like wild fire.
The words cut through the air like a hot iron cutting skirt pleats.
The library came back like a persistent garden.
The door stood impenetrable, like a murderer's heart.
Adrenaline flashed through him like a lightning bolt.
Pale, yet bright it's flesh glowed warm.
The old van in the field is like baby wrapped a little too tightly in a blanket.
Hitler skittered off like an eager sloth.
Panic is rushing through the streets like an ambitious virus.
Thrown away like sweat-soaked gym socks.
I fall like an unrequited lover.
Keaton was lying face down on the ground snapped.
The sound hit Frank like the carnal screams of a rock concert moshpit.
Her neck was made the smooth curve of a pearl.
They had shut him in a basement that looked claustrophobic.
The images flashed in the brilliance that wraps him like a plush blanket.
It was red, like a burning rubied rose.
The sound of his own blood comes like scraping metal against a chalkboard.
Pink orange yellow green black white, I felt numb and slack-jawed, gaping flat.
In the dead of summer, in Ohio, the clothes felt like melting rubber.
I rise like a CEO with diamond-studded sneakers.
You visit the tower at night to get a new perspective, finding nothing like the glory of the Northen Lights.
A character knows that their universe is fictional, but everyone thinks they are funny.
They all feel the books are good reads, but they are like flamingoes in Antartica.
But he's much stronger than you and his ideas are like a jet black against your neon red.
Honestly, we probably should have linked like identical twins with matching outfits.
You wake one morning to find your entire family laid like gray slabs of cement.
In most horror settings, silence is come an unknown savior.
But the next morning, it sounds comical.
Drinking it will either kill you, or give you strength and abilities like an everflowing fountain.
Constructing the flat pack TV cabinet was meant to be like putting on velcro shoes.
Growing up, people always thought you were like an okapi in a herd of donkeys.
It seems like he's just really charismatic, until his demands grow gradually more like a ravenous furnace flame.
A bright light shines above you, but the rest of the room is like a moonless night.
We see billionaires with full meters and homeless people like hollowed shells.
One day you decide to test it out and what you experience is dangerous.
The things that lie in between the two are like the mud and leaves clogging the gutter.
Friends' bars are almost full while strangers' are like dying smartphone batteries.
They just killed an investigation journalist that was following a curious toddler pressed against a store window.
To the superhero they are giving the people and the world like well-watched children.
After finding a strange mask on the beach, you become suddenly more hot as hell.
When times are good, your dreams are like shifting shadows.
Except no one knows because they are like flies.
But this other world doesn't want to be known, it wants to lie like a creature amidst the untouchable depths of the sea.
You are a chef who prepares onions in a world where crying is fatal.
You are the final boss of a videogame and are made the king of a mighty empire.
Navigating fantasy "Japan" has found very [difficult]
You are an oracle whose predictions have always come like the rising sun.
As they reach the ground, they are like melting snowflakes.
They were visible to all, but like shifting watercolored lines.
It starts to worry you that everyone is like a snowman looking at the first spring sun.
If it falls into the wrong hands it would be like a nuclear apocalypse.
Because of this, all interstellar species evolved on gas giants and found earth was like a tight fist of wasted dirt.
Maybe you'll give Valhalla a try, the possibilities are wide.
You’ve just made a breakthrough in AI that makes that our species became like useless flesh blobs.
When the prophet told you that all your dreams would come true, you were like a million-dollar lottery winner.
While it has been found to not be blood the truth is even more like broken skeltetons in a closet.
No matter how many times you try you're always fast.
Turns out, tag between super heroes can get dangerous.
Netflix & Chill just goes like a glitching code.
The secret is you can rewind time like a drawn breath.
After 10 minutes your head rose like the morning fog.
As a human tick hybrid, life can sometimes be like drawing the nectar out of dried fruit.
Unfortunately, you have a "spiritual disorder", and your luck is almost always gone.
Describe your 'real' self in third person without sounding vain.
This tale, however, speaks of a god who's as incompetent as he is slow.
The horse, who leads the conversation, is like an undercomplemented beauty queen.
The bottom of the ocean is dark, like a dungeon in a fortress of shadows.
When you confront him about it, he is fussy.
When you were but a child, your creative power was measured by the heartbeats of a million suns.
Her relationships with family and friends are like puzzles with missing pieces.
The predators never counted their enemies would be this much like titanium.
You wake up to find that is like a sleeping forest.
Trying to rationalize the situation eventually comes like trapping a bird in a cage.
Nobody notices until your body is laid, like a gray frostbitten log.
Until you find their eyes are glowing like celestial emeralds.
The shade and sarcasm they throw at each other is too damn much like watching monkey's foodfight with bananas.
Though the distance I have to cover is short, it feels like a scorching trek through Death Valley.
The surface of Mars was spread like the Garden of Eden.
The city was set like a well-cut diamond.
They were well-cooked, and actually tasted like how a symphony goes.
It was obscene, but she was drawn to it, like a moth to a flame.
Rory looked at her as if she were vain.
My eyes teared up and I could feel my face turning red.
She smirked when she saw me looking at it, eyes huge and mouth wide.
I made quick work of one with my knife and crept inside like a night shadow.
He set himself groggily, but upon seeing me, he sprang up like a soldier at dawn.
I needed to keep my cool, but the King surely wasn't making it pleasant.
He was executed the next day, and Sparrow was found to be like the ghosts of old.
Then there weren’t any more parties as the house lay like an abandoned museum.
The man’s pale skin made human, but appearances were like subtle camoflage.
I knew there was pain but this was like being lost in the bluest part of a flame.
It wouldn't always be noticeable, but it was always come like the morning dew.
But when we made contact with them they were like shy kindergarteners.
He had a wide smile, but his eyes were cold, yet burning like polar ice.
The knocking on the door was more assertive now, more bold.
They put up a brave face as governments rise like tightening iron fists.
An ordinary citizen rising to power in this way is like a green moon.
Yet as the days would pass the user would go like a sapling bending in a hurricane.
After decades of drought the Western United states is laid like a sandy death trap.
You both have something important to say, but time is gone.
You're the only one who notices, but you're remarkably like a level-headed pilot.
The child's job is to attract followers to make their deity more omnipotent.
Everyone is a robot subtly testing you, but you are starting to get dangerous.
You have no idea why people suddenly have gone like pale frail zombies.
Their nuclear program however, has fallen like a fallen tree in a field.
You can freely switch between them, but the rest go like dying flames.
The suspect on your biggest case is squeaky clean, but you know they're full of dirt.
Several thousand years in the future, humans came to be like fleshed automatons.
Amen has moving joyful dreams every night, while his real life is like a perpetual thunderstorm of misuer.
All contact with the surface has been lost, and the radiation topside is like skin-permeating poison.
You are at a business dinner with your boss when your phone rings out shrill.
A global catastrophe causes all major technology to be gone like burned ashes.
We have found that the ending of the Earth is imminent like a blak hole's event horizon.
On your way to work, you find the world is like a hushed preschool classroom.
It was a moonless nights, the air was still and the crickets were like dying shadows.
Reincarnation has been found, memories are now like items in the school lost and found.
We're starting to find life is like an immovable mountain.
In the near future e-sports have become extremely popular and profitable.
Your dog is very excited to see you and is acting like a hyperactive sloth.
Telling lies to the young is like cuttingin the wings of a butterfly.
