How can you run out of steam on such an important project? this could be the biggest thing on your resume.
I used to chop wood when I was in high school to earn pin money.
It would be good if you stop sitting on the fence and choose whose side you are on.
This woman is filthy rich and can afford to pay you off in spades.
In the race for the presidency, the democratic candidate was head and shoulders above the republican candidate.
It is awe inspiring to see young people going after the careers of their choice with so much zeal and ambition.
I felt like a million bucks after that weekend.
All the artists in their initial phase of career were skating on thin ice.
I couldn't sleep well last night, so am unfocused today.
The police worked feverishly all day long to minimize the rampage of the advancing protestors.
Police officers go above and beyond what is expected of them in order to keep our streets safe.
It is not easy to undo such a decision so you better not take it if you are chicken shit.
On the other hand, maybe we should have explored policy alternatives.
I got him all fired up about the vacation that I have been planning for months by showing him the itinerary.
The stock market has given me handsome returns and helped me build a nest egg for my retirement.
The footballer slipped and tore his ligament and was told that he would have to be out of action for the rest of the season.
Jason mend fences with his mother by replacing the teapot that he had broken earlier.
How do I tell mary that her baby has passed away?
The sight was so dreadful that it has frozen my marrow and I will never step in that street again.
I am sorry that you missed john, he will be back in no time, he has just run out for some milk.
We were all on edge as we waited for the surgeon's report.
Throughout the funeral of her parents, mary kept a stiff upper lip.
Every woman wants to be married to a man that can bring home the bacon.
Her daughter seems like she could hit a flea but she is not so in reality.
He was trying to hold me down, that molester and that's when I got him off balance and punched him smack dab in the nose.
His inability to procure funding for his trial has really thrown a spanner in the works.
I like my fruits to be head and shoulders above the rest and always go with the highest organic brands.
I am expecting a promotion and a big pay hike this year, knock on wood.
The players were deliriously happy after overcoming a tough opponent to win the championship.
To make him into a good citizen of the country is quite a challenging task since he is a bottomless pit of hatred.
You must be in a mirage if you think that it will rain at the time of such hot summers.
Initially, I was not interested to meet the parents of my girl friend, but after last night's dinner treat I found them a match made in heaven.
She had a soft spot for her youngest brother and was always there for him, even if it was his fault.
My friend and his fiancee are getting hitched next month and then they are going for a month long honeymoon to some exotic location.
Can you speak up because those at the back can't hear a pin drop.
The grocer is a dinosaur, he will not give you a single penny of discount.
My sister is a spoiled brat and when she doesn't get her way, she goes into a fit of anger.
There are a bazillion things that need to be completed for our project and I would suggest that we start with the easy ones.
The players of that team are a bunch of clowns, but the captain shouldn't be tarred with the same brush and he is a great player.
This school prepares its students for the rat race from the ground up.
Never mind the failure of your driving test, because the best drivers always flunk the first time.
The plan is good, but I'll play devil's advocate so that we know what the opposition can say.
My younger daughter is obsessed with becoming a painter, that is why she is burning the candle at both ends nowadays.
It is polite to say``bon appetit``or``chow down!``before sharing a meal with others.
The opportunity to sing in the new york philharmonics was the zenith of his musical career.
He always had the feeling that she was holding him at arm's length.
I was at death's door, health wise, when I had my first child.
David's marriage to ann is simply the necessary evil.
Those risky investments seem crazy, but there's a method to the madness.
To write this paper was as easy as a pie.
My neighbor had applied for the post of architect in a big project, but didn't cut the mustard.
She and her husband were smitten the first time they had met - at a singing competition in their neighbourhood.
I am so jealous that she gets the best of both worlds.
His parents were already angry when he flunked the class and when they saw him drunk, it only added fuel to the flames.
We will be out of here in no time.
Though many countries are democratic which means equal rights for all yet it has been seen that the upper crust get added privilege in one way or another.
This music is way more my cup of tea than this new stuff.
Despite the difficult conditions, the batsman hung in there and steered his team to victory.
The shifting sands of war have taken their toll on many countries.
If you don't pay attention in class, you'll miss the boat and crash in your exams.
It is not fair that mathew gets raked over the coals every time something goes wrong in the school.
I am really happy with the new job and I mean that from the bottom of my heart.
Dean, use you loaf and I know you can make it on your own.
The marriage ended with a chill to the marrow I never thought he could have an affair outside his marriage.
It is obvious that steve really loves sarah, but she told me that he has not said those three little words.
The building blocks of success, in my view, come from sweat and tears.
Don't under - estimate the canadian wrestler it just the calm before the storm - I am sure that he will return with a vengeance.
Being a boss she needed to apply carrot and stick effectively to discipline her junior team members.
You are working over 100 hours a week, dude, get a life!
Everyone urged matt to keep his nose clean by avoiding peter's company following the warrant issued for his arrest.
You look like your grandfather at your age.
You said that I would never finish this race and you will eat your words.
He did not expect his book to do so well, the award nomination was a bolt of lightning for him.
Being selected as a software engineer in microsoft is a quantum leap for me and my family.
He is looking for a new job as he does not see eye to eye with his manager.
The stereotype is that most international students are born with a silver spoon in their mouths.
When you knew that you have come down with yellow fever then why did you not blow the whistle?
The first chapter of that novel really whetted my appetite— I'm dying to read more of it tonight.
Please keep your kind suggestions to yourself and mind your own beeswax.
I don't believe that your dog ate your homework pete and I was not born yesterday.
I felt like I was a star after I aced that exam.
I don't give a damn of how you make it but you have to come to my party.
The universal group of art is acknowledged as the creme de la creme from all of the art groups of academy.
Every morning, he dusted, cleaned and wound up the old grandfather clock that he had inherited as a family heirloom and it was truly a labour of love.
Although the job does not pay very well, she is as happy as a clam there.
She decided not to take the family dispute to court as she feared it would only lead to a mountain of dirty laundry in public.
Poor richard was to me as eldest son, the apple of my eye.
A person needs serious discipline to kick a habit like drinking.
The fbi headquarters operate round the clock to keep crime rates to a minimum.
Sara had the answer at the drop of a hat, but couldn't think of it in time.
They are on the case to restart the engine.
Be patient - those who cheat you will get their just deserts one day.
My mom's narrow attitude about gender equality really drives me up the wall.
She sings in a beautiful manner, her soft voice soothe my soul.
I always tell my clients to batten down the hatches when you are sitting in court.
The influential leader's political career went down the drain when the news broke out that he had a love child with one of his junior party members.
The audience went silent when the speaker entered.
She is quite tight - lipped when it comes to speaking of her family and close friends.
After having beaten the opposition comfortably, the players hit the town to celebrate their win.
Nowadays computer software and mobile applications have smaller learning curves making them easier to master than ever before.
As soon as everyone was assembled, the team cut to the chase and began the discussion.
Good grief! you are not going to the supermarket like that, are you? don't tell me you are.
We had a heavy lunch today, and now I am feeling under the weather.
The flowers are all dead as a doornail.
I don't want to be on cloud nine with you.
I would like this project to reach a dead end at least if we cannot reason with the client to go any further and the employees should get their due share after having put in so much work.
I know that no man is an island.
Although I threw caution to the winds at the casino, it did not take me long to come back to my senses and not blow off all my savings.
The man has no experience in art and manages to burn his fingers through the purchase of knockoffs instead of the originals.
And secondly, although my adoptive parents are lovely, I' d often felt like a square peg in a round hole.
It seems that upon further reflection I was wrong and I will have to eat humble pie.
My dog is always full of vim and vigor and can barely sit still.
When the retiring teacher received millions of messages from his former students, he was tickled pink that they still remembered him and cared to send him their wishes.
Take a hike, I am sick and tired of your foolishness.
She is so lazy that she barely makes ends meet each month.
Why do you want to go to the rumour mongers when you can get it straight from the horse's mouth?
Keep your friends close and your enemies closer— this is why I am talking to people I loathe.
I could see that all the girls were green with envy when I came out in my new dress.
She still seems to have a chip on her shoulder about the argument she had with her friend last week.
This question drives me up the wall.
Megan was so afraid of the horror movie that she denied to recognise her father on phone call in a knee jerk reaction.
I can never remember all of the formulas that we need to use in chemistry, so I have made a cheat sheet that I have laminated and put on my desk.
The katrina storm was so bad that many houses and cars turned turtle in its wake.
The arrangements for the party were out of this world.
Don't think that this term's work will be a piece of cake - you'll have to grind your teeth to get good grades.
I wish my job was an easy one, which required banker's hours.
I hate it when I have to walk on eggshells around peter.
I don't like people that harp on about the past, the past is in the past.
I've just spent a week studying with ross and finally realized that she's as mad as a hatter.
The forecasters are predicting a clean sweep for the ruling party in the approaching election.
Although it would have been easier to fly to the destination, my uncle dug heels on going by train because it would be cheaper.
In case you don't know, these are the telltale signs that a predator is around somewhere.
We cannot compare sara and salina and they are apples and oranges.
Edward turned into a rabid dog after his parents divorce.
The divers searched every nook and cranny of the river bed but could not find his body.
The tales are interesting if you are into that kind of thing but for me it is like listening to a dying banshee.
His failed dream of being a singer has gone belly up.
I had to ask him to come again because he had started to speak as softly as a mouse.
I understand that you cannot take quantum leaps in a day, but I implore you to try.
She decided to take up acting as a vocation and became the first bona fide actress with an indian origin in the united states.
Leaders should be up to date on the topic they are going to give a speech on and else they will be mocked by public& lose their votes.
I will have to turn down the kitty party because my son is not well.
Women are usually not able to work with his wild and woolly we prefer him to be clean shaven and neat in appearance.
Quit beating around the bush and tell me what you really want.
I have come to pass that passing this exam now is going to be like walking on eggshells.
Since farrokh was made redundant, we've really hit rock bottom and we can't even afford to buy the kids new shoes.
The budget was ring fenced for around 50 percent of total departmental spending.
You can't take it with you so please get over the house fever.
My sister grabbed a lion's share of the pizza.
During an award show all the creme de la creme stars were invited on stage to present the star of the millennium award.
As a young girl, her father would tell her,``don't brag, but your hard work will be rewarded.``
Mike was sure he would ace the auditions as he put finishing touches on his performance.
I broke open the locks in order to free the trapped birds.
The team was racing against time to finish the project on time.
Please tick off the learners' names as they enter the classroom.
The children are always jumping out of their seats and running all around, they seems possessed.
While it is true that fortune favours the bold, you also need to look before you leap.
His grandparents are set in their ways.
He went from rags to riches after his roadside performances were noticed by a famous movie maker and he was offered plum parts in his movies.
The ball was rolling when he struck that first conversation with her, she could not refuse his proposal knowing how charming he really was!
Only those participating in the event have to come tomorrow and no frills need not come.
It was made crystal clear to the salesman that we must have all the accessories with the car.
A blood relative is a closest family member who can be contacted in case of any crisis.
With your new makeover, you will blow their socks off.
He is so arrogant that if someone were to beg to differ to his opinions, he could just turn them upside down.
Boss fired me from the job and I lost my wallet too, what a double whammy?
Before being reported as a scam, he used to brag about this project and now the minister has washed his hands of the project in front of the media.
The teacher will point out all the students who are skating on thin ice.
Nowadays our media is nothing more than, to coin a phrase, smoke and mirrors.
When ted and judy were living apart in different cities, he would write a letter to her every week and all the letters would be marked with swak, or sealed with a kiss, as a talisman of his love.
We had to hang them up as they were just not able to do the job that we needed.
My mother was convinced beyond a shadow of doubt that he was the best match for me and as usual, mothers are unquestionably right.
The pizza flavors don’t matter to me—it’s six of one, and half a dozen of the other.
She has been walking on air since getting engaged last week.
That store has such a sales manager who gives the customer a cock and bull to increase their sales.
These books are selling like hotcakes.
My wife seems to be in a very bad mood today and I am going to beat a hasty retreat before I add insult to injury.
When drug addicts go cold turkey they experience a black hole.
I cannot chime in when I do not even know what you have been talking about.
Rebecca wanted us to go to dinner instead of the dodger's game, I didn't want to upset her, so I just went with the flow.
Every time the exams started, I would turn into a night owl.
I heard by word of mouth that our neighbours were expecting a baby, but I don't know much about it.
Nick felt like he was walking into a lion's den while he was going to the stage in order to deliver his speech.
She has promised her mother that she will pass the exam come hell or high water this year.
Jane can't bear the sight of that woman and she blames her for having broken her marriage up.
The water sharing pact has been the apple of discord between the two states.
Their corporate offices are under siege after their stocks plummeted last week and went belly up.
I swear to complete my homework right away.
I think we should go back to the drawing board with our design, and try to make it even better this time.
It would be better if you drew out a map with the direction to the place rather than just telling me because a picture is worth a thousand words.
She got the promotion even though there were two more deserving candidates because the squeaky wheel gets the grease.
Just go on this route at the drop of a dime, and you may save about 40 minutes.
After my grandfather died his will was a bone of contention in the family.
He's dedicated to the project from the bottom of his heart.
She is a strong woman and can paddle her own canoe without a man in her life.
I held my tongue for the entire presentation until I was forced to speak by mrs and shukla.
The student choked up during the examination when he could not answer a single question that the examiner asked him.
I train so hard for the marathons because I believe that practice makes perfect.
The doctor said he will stop at nothing to find a cure for his illness.
After making a fool of himself, he looked like a laughingstock.
We aren't as wealthy as the jones' to eat like kings.
Jacob got off scot - free in the trial even though he had admitted of his guilt.
You think I'll get in to ucla? come on!
Our boss did not turn up today, so we had a field day at office and none of us made a dent in the bill.
The convict escaped the police custody on the way to jail and police is apparently on a mad-goose chase after he vanished into woods.
He lost his head when his wife walked out on him over his drinking habit.
This amazing chinese soup was a dish fit for the gods.
The bitter medicine of exercising at 5 in the morning is infinitely preferable to being bed ridden for several years.
The board was planted near the manhole to warn off the kids from playing there.
Her husband had walked out on her a year ago, but she still clung to his possessions, hoping that one day he will return to her.
He has repeated the question over and over again but I still don't get it.
If you had have kept it under your mattress, your wedding dress would not have been worn out.
The beginning of the young turk's party was after they started building ranks and confident of their power and abilities.
After the strike it would be some time before production gets into full cry.
One friend mine is quite well - to - do and she is a heart of gold.
You should listen to our parents and appreciate their hard work because they' re right, money doesn't grow on trees.
I know its difficult to get over your loss, but try to pull yourself together and get on with life.
I know people who do not help their own flesh and blood and to expect that we will get help is to throw caution to the winds.
The store where I purchased it is as dead as a dodo.
The old dog finally kicked the bucket when the winter got too harsh for him.
She has made her bed and she'll have to lie in it.
The only problem with this committee is that they do not feel the need to tap the young blood in their decision - making processes.
His speech was delivered at the eleventh hour and I was beginning to think that the people were going to start fighting.
The guest became an absolute pain in the ass for the hosts and they were really pleased to see the back of them.
Joe, being the trailblazer he is, stayed the night, had some rest and ate some food and left early the next morning.
Mom, you need to chill the hell out and I know that I failed the test but I will make it up next time.
It seems as if the merger will go through and all our hard work has been in vain.
It was dangerous to chase the robbers and they were armed to the teeth and looked like machines.
In my interview, I nearly forgot my teeth when they asked my what my current role was - I was that nervous!
If you want to get a new licence you will have to go through the channels.
The only person who did not get punished for this mishap was you because you vanished into thin air.
They went down to the wire and it was anyone's call till the very last moment.
He cracks me up whenever he tries to copy me.
She manages to give her father a ballpark figure that she would need every week.
The director was under no illusion about the performance of the company when he finally got to the bottom of the financial data for the quarter end.
There is no such thing as a free lunch.
He roams around all night with his head in the clouds.
The victory of the war was not only because of the good strategy of the king, but the brave soldier and usage of better weapons should be counted in.
I eat like a horse after a good walk along the beach - the sea air really fires my appetite!
Valarie's car was badly damaged in the accident and he was angry about what had happened, but he soon realized that there was no use crying over spilt milk.
The two companies are at daggers drawn over the new software that is going to transform their industry.
The pub operates in this area like a de facto but no one know where they are exactly put up.
My heart started pounding and then the instructor yelled,``on the mark! ``.
It makes life easier in our department when we are all on the same page.
When it came to contributing for the event, they realized all of them were swimming in money; none of them had much money with them, so they decided to drop it.
The movement to bring peace in the city is dead in the water now due to the issue of sectarianism.
There was wild excitement in the air at the clock struck midnight.
I managed to save face by being able to speak about the topic, but the presentation that was made was garbage.
The sun is up and shining!
She had a field day during the halloween party last weekend.
Leo's constant nagging certainly drives me up the wall.
Amazon is a great place to shop online - sometimes they sell goods for as little as a song.
The new medication that the doctor gave me for the flu really knocked me out.
My parents have had to tighten their belts since retiring.
But you know what they say, when it rains, it pours.
After hitting the motorcycle the car driver stopped and he twenty - three skidoo toward the woods.
Oh please, knock it off! it's not like you want a trip to the sun and its just a sky diving that you wish to do and make it happen.
The visitors ran for cover when it started to pour.
His sunny exterior is at odds with his fearsome reputation.
Mothers infected by dengue may have babies with higher risk of severe zika, and vice versa.
My daughter was anything but a sound sleeper, she kept me up nights and weekends for the first year.
I should have known she is smart enough to turn the tables.
I don't know how they'll react to our proposal, so we'll just have to play it by ear and hope for the best.
The exam was a blind alley for me this time because I just did not have the time to study after working two jobs.
Ruth came at the stroke of nine.
The beggar was lying shivering on the road when a good samaritan stopped by and gave him a blanket and some warm clothes.
I wish that I could be a free spirit like you because I'm a worrier.
The couple did not see eye to eye on most things and had blazing rows from time to time, but when it came to their child's education, they usually agreed on what was best for him.
I had to hold my tongue when peter said that he was hard - working.
Chinese's favourite movies have all been tear - jerking about people moving away from their families in order to find work.
He is definitely a high roller.
Just hold your horses till we have an official communication, then you can blast the news out.
Please zip your lip.
Get up go find a job and start earn something now, don't lie around like a couch potato, you've grown up now.
The old pull of party allegiance, support for your party through thick and thin, is gone.
This concern hall is usually bursting at the seams.
The children were enchanted when they met their favourite cricket player and he had always seemed larger than life to them.
Looks like your wife has combed through your laptop while you were away.
Got up on the wrong side of the bed today and he's been awfully grumpy all day. everything has gone wrong for me today! I think i.
I will be there for your wedding, come hell or high water.
The red tape in germany lead to most of my grandfathers traumatic experiences.
After he was rude to her she stormed out of the party in a huff.
Not many people know that he has such a painful past and has been admitted in the hospital so many time from the class clown demeanour that he carries currently.
If you buy a used car without examining it thoroughly first, you might end up buying a pig in a poke.
This business idea can take you from zero to hundred in just a few years but you can't build castles in spain.
Telling your friend that you like their new haircut, when you really don' t, is an example of a red herring and.
Bad grammar drives him up the wall.
The government's attitude on the issue has remained ambivalent for some time, so today's statement should clear the air.
Do you think the officer gave that statement of his own accord or was he cajoled into it by his superiors?
The sheriff is not going to bite the dust so easily and he has seen countless such goons in his career.
The boy said that he couldn't help but ask me out, as the sight of me in my lovely dress had made him weak in the knees.
When his sister was going through a difficult period and needed support, he dropped everything and went to stand by her; blood is thicker than water.
No one was able to create a medicine that would rule out the viral diseases.
You will go out with my sister over my dead body!
Stephen hit the nail on the head when he said that what the company was lacking in was clear vision and focus.
After visiting the religious site they shave their heads and become as bald as a coot and it is a part of the ritual without with the pilgrimage is deemed dead.
Why don't you come visit my place? I live on the other side of the universe.
She met him in her salad days, and his charm had such a powerful effect on her that she was magnetically drawn to him.
When the boss found out that the accounting department was killing time they fired them all.
I've twisted his arm a little and he will get you the passes to the event.
I am aware that although hiding his light under a bushel will be better but choose to shine a light on his courageous acts.
Stay calm; this issue is small, we don't want to make a mountain out of a molehill.
If your community goes out of business, you have to go out with it.
In the aviation industry there is very little that can be afforded to have slipped through the cracks.
I must have to zoom away now to catch the train, if I want to reach my destination on time.
An intricate equation like this is child's play for someone with my superior intellect and I will show you how to crack it.
John is such a firecracker, nobody wants to work with him as he makes everyone else look bad.
He has always been so nice, talk about call of the wild!
Have a look at this website and it talks of everything but the kitchen sink.
You' re on for the met gala tomorrow, hope you haven't forgotten? he asked me to tell you.
She did not even smile! the joke was definitely lost on her.
I can't wait to get through the first christmas since my divorce.
The win was marred in controversy, but the jubilant fans couldn't care less.
The propaganda people are just blowing smoke.
It is usually the father's sister who comes up with a name for the baby in the indian pantheon.
Let's get down to brass tacks right away and wrap up this discussion in no time.
My teacher has to bring up that he studied at harvard at the drop of a hat in every lecture.
The kids write to me from time to time blowing my mind with their latest adventures.
They were on the brink of getting married when she found out that he had similarly conned countless other women.
How do you expect all four of us to stay in that room? there's not enough room to swing a cat in there.
She foamed at the mouth when she heard of her child's misdeeds.
Much to the delight of the employees, a significant wage hike was announced across the board.
She had initiated the conversation but the ball is now in his court if he wants to consider her proposal of marriage.
The man ate food at the buffet to his heart's content and he seemed as happy as a clam as he left for home.
My brother has been on edge since yesterday as his exam results are scheduled to be declared today.
The winner team made do and hung in there with what they had.
In case of law suits it is better to hope for the best, but prepare for the worst.
Speak up boy or cat got your tongue?
I had no intention of saying that to her, it was a slip of the pen.
I am not going to think about getting a new job now, I will cross that bridge when I come to it.
I am having trouble figuring out how to get cracking on this weeks research assignment.
It took her years before she came out of the closet and expressed her interest in the biotechnology industry.
Judy was crushed when her fiance did not turn up for their wedding and left her at the altar.
We are going to waterpark to beat the heat.
The ceo is usually the apple of everyone's eye in such a case.
Sarah has spent her whole life in performing a routine job work so don't expect that she would ever be able to think outside the box.
It would be better if you applied to several companies instead of just one; don't put all your eggs in one basket.
I have the contract in black and white should the issue arise in the future.
His contract includes round the clock monitoring of the software to make sure there is no malfunction.
She went for broke by sharing her research paper with her friend despite the tough plagiarism policy.
I know you are bitter about losing that job, but try to get over it and find another one.
I will not be going to the party and by the way, I do not give a damn about him.
My memory is a sieve and I have to write everything important down.
The deal was about to be cancelled, but at the last moment, the sales team pulled a rabbit out of its hat and convinced the client to seal the deal.
My brother's not the sharpest tool in the shed.
The acid test for the new theory would come when it is actually implemented and the results come out.
After the accident, there were bits and pieces of the wreckage scattered all over the road.
When he made that offer, I could smell a rat.
If you really want to become a successful actor, go for broke and give up everything else and focus only on your acting career.
His stand - up comedy is amongst the best I have seen and everyone goes home all singing, all dancing.
People should learn to steel themselves after encountering any major issues as this is the only way they can succeed.
He is taking you to the most lavish restaurant in town and do you think he is going to pop the question?
With all of the new restructuring going on we need another client like a hole in the head and but corporate is only interested in money.
Nobody likes a backseat driver constantly nagging them when they want to work in peace.
The couple did not go abroad because they had an old age home to look after& didn't want millions in the vale of years to be rendered homeless& unlooked.
They are always holding hands and kissing in public and they are an adoring couple.
I've heard that they change the crown jewels by their dead ringers so that they are impervious to thieves and is that true?
You keep trying to convince him to join your company, but I think you' re barking up the wrong tree.
I’m dying of hunger after the large breakfast that we had earlier.
A company can use back door listing if they are not able to go public by themselves and although this method of getting public funds do not guarantee success.
The cops have eyes on the top trouble makers of the city to ensure that the festival period are not affected.
The company management feels that the new blood should be used to find process improvement ideas because they can bring a third eye to our processes.
Dollars to donuts that the economy is going to go belly up due to fall in prices.
The new coffee cart is a red herring and they are hoping we'll forget all of the overtime that we have to work.
By accepting two part - time jobs, he is clearly doubling down.
John is such a firecracker; he is a good source of entertainment.
Your term paper must deal with the grand themes of modernism.
These days the houses go up in smoke even before they are built and such is the quality that is used today.
There is no time like the present to start this venture because the government is all in for the sustainable energy and its related reforms.
I think it's not safe to drive the car now - it's raining cats and dogs.
As a big brother, he was always pulling his sister's leg, but he was there when she needed him.
The corrupt leaders have made their life a bed of roses with the help of black money.
I better get cracking for my interview tomorrow if I want it to go well.
I will bear the brunt of what you did wrong at the ceremony.
Losing that job turned out to be a blessing in disguise for him as it forced him to go belly up into business.
His business idea was just a flash in the pan and cannot be used now since the effects of the demonetization have worn off.
Good luck with your test tomorrow, I'll cross my fingers.
Tom hanks is ascendant in the film world.
I cannot guarantee you will become the big cheese by heading in this direction but there is certainly a silver lining.
I hope our teacher doesn't come today - oh, speak of the devil, here he comes.
Use two table spoons of the stain wash to soak your shirt, soak for 20 minutes and bob's your uncle, the stain will drain like a river.
In touch, I'll be seeing you next month.
By the book, we never went camping near water bodies during the rains.
The businessman won't agree to your deal in place of his old house, so save your breath& find another place for your restaurant.
I believe that digital learning is the way to the stars.
I am trying to cut down on sugar this month.
Uncle ben has been racing against time ever since he has found out about the terminal illness.
Maria was over the moon to see her husband back from a long business trip.
It is seriously a wonder how time flies and that we have all become graduates today.
I take heart from the positive medical test results.
Your exam results this term were way over the top.
Isn't it odd how that advertisement is such a household name?
My exit from the company was the turning point of my career and then I established my own firm.
I have never cooked a meal for this many people, but I will give it a shot.
I know when to stay out of things that are none of my business.
Thea bossa wasa mada becausea toma calleda ita aa daya ata noona anda wenta home.
Noticing that sam was in a daze, hilary said``a penny for your thoughts, sam.``
It's a thunderbolt of a painting, she is so creative.
After his mother's death, david found a treasure trove when he found her collection of music records.
This is a sensitive issue, so its better to be politically correct rather than shoot from the hip and be called a hippie.
I know that you'll keep trying to make him a better man till the cows come home.
I am going to pop by his office to take him lunch.
The future of the project hangs by a thread as the management has failed to finalize the budget.
Kids are meant to be fancy free, mine are no exceptions.
He said he would have to take a stock count of everything that was there in the store, from a to z.
I zip past the coffee machine at will every day because I am trying to be mindful about my caffeine intake.
We had no clue how to make phil comfortable with the new management and he was looking like a fish out of water.
Nobody will want to be friends with you if you are considered beyond the pale in your social circle.
She broke out in a cold sweat as she read the last red herring notice from the bank about the loan repayment.
Had he explained the situation to me, I would have cut him a break and not have been so hard on him.
Don't eat fast food- - it's killing you.
The two immediately hit the chord based on the fact that they follow the same faith.
My life starts from you and ends at you, so you are my alpha and omega.
She has been roaring in the barber shop after she hired women to cut men's hair.
This movie is not for those faint of heart and you better go to hell right now.
The search for the missing children will continue at first light.
I have to go on a business trip darling, but we'll speak soon, I swear.
Alex always shoots from the hip; he ends up apologising for his wrong assumptions.
And that these hearings are the beginning of a sea change in the relationship between the government and technology.
He has cashed in on the estate that his father built.
Next time I come to this restaurant I will bring my second half.
Banks batten down the hatches in anticipation of yet more trouble.
I went to the auction but didn't pick up anything and everything cost an arm and a leg.
You cannot close the books as you please, the law of the land is the law and you will get caught eventually.
I was counting on the money from the insurance to buy a new house, after my house went up in flames.
Michelle was my best friend at the university and but over the years we've drifted apart.
I can't wait for the new avengers movie that will be released soon.
The legal system had become so corrupt that the hardened criminal was repeatedly ducked by the powers who were behind him.
The election is going to be a toss - up between those two candidates, as both of them seem to have a boatload of support.
When his children were small, he bent over backwards to fulfill their needs, but now they do not care for him.
I must have to get forty winks today since I haven't slept well since couple of days.
Internet shopping is now all the rage.
To her, he was a means to an end.
It is sad to see that people always wait until the last straw before they start to take any action in this country.
Sometimes we must take quantum leaps.
After the long road trip, we were all dead tired and ready to hit the sack as soon as we reached home.
I won't be able to sleep until we get to the bottom of my son's disease.
Kids really carry on after getting a slap across the face from their parents.
She is totally immersed in the cut and thrust of her college.
I have not put my education on the back burner but would like some time to chew the fat.
It is usually the clique of celebrities who are in cahoots with the paparazzi.
Seeing the queen of england, even as she passed by in her car was a fairy tale come true.
I often have to bite my tongue when he tells me how good he is at football and I know that he can hardly kick.
I know katy and greg went steady with each other, but I don't know what's up with their relationship now.
Failing to get a satisfactory answer from her doctor, mary went from pillar to post searching for a cure for her illness.
The blood vessels in the back of his right leg burst open.
I really crack up when I am talking with him.
Many times president trump rubbed people the wrong way by his speech all around the world.
After being treated badly by the coach, meher saw the interview as an opportunity to vent her spleen directly at the coach.
I’m not far from your house, so I'll be there before you can say jack robinson.
If my boss doesn't employ someone to help me soon I don't know what I am going to do and I can't keep my head above water with all of the new orders.
Artists and writers often do not earn enough to keep body and soul together and they need a second job to keep their heads above water.
Aren't you tired of having monkey business all day, leaving your preparation for test tomorrow.
Do you think that all the members of our family may be reunited? yes, come hell or high water!
Seeing as the deadline was looming and grace was yet to round up the project, she realised she was in deep water.
As regards our plans for tonight, mum's the word.
George paid the borrowed money from me in spades.
As kids we used to beat each other up to a pulp.
Even today, women don't have a level playing field in terms of opportunities to excel and succeed.
The investigation came to a head last week when my colleague was found guilty of raking over the coals.
In a nutshell, mary only wants everyone to be happy and she is willing to bend over backwards to achieve this.
It's cheese for the employees of that company.
My wife gave me a blow - by - blow account of the entire incident.
In order to keep the winner of the contest a secret, the voting happened behind closed doors.
Have you checked out this cool new app? I think it's the best thing since sliced bread.
The hotel interior will take your breath away and it is literally everything that a castle should be actually.
She wanted an iron fist in the business and hence went ahead to buy all the shares that she could find in the market.
The manager will pull this deal off and you bet on something else about him because this is definitely happening.
That meeting was quite important, but you were as far as the eye could see.
Apple's iphone is a steal I cannot afford but that's a quality product and I must give the devil his due.
She was as conscious as a hawk about her social image and wouldn't be caught dead doing anything that went against it.
Come on, I have only seconds before I must go.
After having a heated argument the previous night, the young couple kissed and made up and decided to resolve their differences amicably.
The avalanche kept the snowboarders snowed under.
Looking to the future, however, the forest service decided to go bigger and better next time around.
I'm so sorry I forgot your birthday - I've got photographic memory!
My siblings were often told to zip it but I was a free spirit.
She has started making sense about her career now and I would like to let her go for broke.
Those two seem to be joined at the hip and they are inseparable.
These doomsday cults have cried wolf so many times that no one even believes them anymore.
How can anyone turn their backs on their mothers is beyond my mortal imagination?
Her son clam up every time he feels guilty of something.
I can't believe that my cleaning lady is on holiday again and I will have to clean my house this weekend .``cry me a river, I don't even have a maid.``
Sam always wore his heart on his sleeve, so everyone knew how he was feeling.
I will not abide by any glass ceiling; I'm going to sue the devil himself.
He reached a dead end when walking along the street.
Remember tom, you cannot turn the bell off once you have sent out that mail.
Being a mom, a teacher and an athlete means I always have a million things on my plate every time.
His sense of humour always brightens up my day.
The trip was excellent but the ship moving made me feel like I was going to burst.
It was an adventurous tour, but we didn't go to the ends of the earth.
In a typical display of cupboard love, the child ran to her and jumped into her lap as soon as she brought out the toy she had got for him.
The police chased him throughout the country for three days but the convict finally managed to slip through their fingers and vanish.
The work is almost done if only he can convince the managing directors to give him a raise now.
The group of bikers riding through the country since last nine days were left to beat the heat overnight at a very inexpensive inn last night.
That was a strong earthquake - the works of god.
It was a very sensitive case and yet for over one year the investigators kept barking up the wrong tree.
I am going to bed now and good night, sleep tight.
I had a gut feeling that he had been lying, and sure enough, it was later proved that he was a rat.
I'm going to get my point across with literally nothing I do.
The lady was scolded for reporting for duty at the eleventh hour.
Her crazy mother said that being so lazy, megan is going to be filthy rich one day for sure and without any hard working job and come on, when pigs fly!
Just because he lost his wallet does not mean that he gets to put a damper on my evening too and I am going for the party whether he wants to come along or not.
If you have so many people from his community in the jury, it's a jungle out there.
If we get off before five o' clock the traffic will be light.
The team is divided into people of the same region batting against the others and birds of a feather flock together.
The bottles of water, at the end of the long race, were a sight for sore eyes.
She didn't want to have any contact with him so she deleted his phone number by chance.
To not prick up your ears when you are working at a call center would mean the end of your career and it is among the most basic requirements of a calling job.
He knows the ropes of the circus like the back of his hand.
Put your mobile phone in silent mode - its ear-splitting ringtone is getting on my nerves.
We've requested hundreds of private schools to join the' low - cost education' campaign, but so far we've hit a dead end.
She tried to get the better of me in the game but couldn't.
From now on, I will stop looking out for anyone other than myself as it is now every man for himself.
Everyone is up in arms about the highway that they plan to build through our city centre.
A cut in interest rates on housing loans can lift the property market out of the doldrums.
Mark is just a confrontational sort of a person and sometimes talks rough and he really means no harm.
The meeting has been brought forward by the board and we have to start lining up for it right away.
The mother expected her baby to be a southpaw like her but she was a northpaw.
I did not want to move to the other city initially but now that the situation demands it, I have decided to make the best of it.
The minute she realized that this is zero - sum game she started behaving far more like a human.
After experiencing strong examination, the accused after all determined to come clean and give a blow - by - blow explanation of the occurrence.
If you rush the job, you'll miss the boat.
After the nightmare of a party, added insult to injury that my son vomited everywhere.
Arm in arm, they went through everything together.
The landlord has given her carte blanche to redecorate the living room as she pleases.
She thinks it is her sixth sense that tells her about cataclysmic events.
She did not talk to me that day and I knew that something is wrong, deep as the ocean.
Mother cannot run a tight ship around here if none of you are willing to bite the bullet!
You need to stop making light of this situation.
I have tried when in rome, do as the romans but it really doesn't suit my personality.
Screaming fans turned out to welcome the champions home.
Janet quitting her job because her ex started working there is a classic example of throwing out the baby with the bathwater.
There is nothing wrong with appearing to be wet behind the ears; it is a process every new person to an organisation has to go through.
I met my old school teacher yesterday and I was over the moon to see that he was alive and kicking.
Both the man and his wife must work round the clock just to keep the wolf from the door.
When you hear someone coming give us a signal and we will run for cover.
The lawyer stirred up a hornet's nest when his client was not released even after he had provided the bail papers.
With just two months left for his exams, he said he should get his act together if he wanted to do well.
She goes through hell with that man day in day out and I am not even sure why she is still with him.
The fight between the two boxing champions could go either way and both the boxers are equally matched.
The luxury transport industry is up in smoke at the moment after newspapers revealed that many indulged in illegal activities.
She has been going steady with one of her team members for the past six months now.
His factory is an absolute sight! it is a hive of activities and everyone seems to know exactly what they are doing.
The family has a whole can of worms so it is best to not ask them any personal questions.
Many believe that if that candidate wins the elections, the country would soon be up and out of the world.
I have asked your brother to zip your lip until you have finished studying for the exam.
Let’s do a couple dry runs of your speech so you feel like a million bucks.
You are a hollywood actor and of course you are a household name in my country!
I don't give a damn where we go right now for dinner and it's your call.
He thinks he is a famous designer just because he uses buzz words when he is giving interviews.
Learn from a senior politician and if it ain't broke, don't fix it.
He lost his sight in an accident and is blind as a bat.
I took the beating when the caterer did not deliver the food on time.
Unless we put pedal to the metal we won't be able to submit the proposal on time.
His idea about the new product went down like a lead balloon.
Geoff had got the wrong end of the stick, and thought I was mad at him.
John's reaction showed that he couldn't contain his excitement after hearing that he was going to be a dad for the second time.
I was supposed to meet my counselor for a pep talk.
When quentin had to give a presentation to some new clients, his boss warned him that it would literally be do or die.
Couldn't you have walked any faster? I've been waiting here an hour!
He seemed to be as sick as a dog according to his friends.
At the end of a very busy term the teachers will finally be able to breathe easy.
It stands to reason that you will not be able to complete the marathon if you can't run more than a mile per day.
The has - been will not know how to get past such a doozy of a situation.
We are all hoping that the third time's a charm for her.
I heard chris and tina will be tied the knot in no time.
I'm new to this city, so I'm still finding my feet.
She was always up and down about whether she wanted to go to college or not.
After the marriage ceremony, when I took first drink, I had strange feeling of deja vu.
The book had a very compelling setup, but so - so writing dragged it down.
The servants at the palace answer to the king and the entire royal family.
I hope that being arrested will make drunk drivers turn over a new leaf.
He made the final cut off list of the university by the skin of his teeth.
The heat and dust of this city is a far cry from the calmer and calmer climes of the place where we used to live.
My best friend has been in such a foul mood the last few weeks that I have decided to give up on her.
Robbie is willing to bend over backwards to resolve the issue not just kick the can down the road.
Tomorrow is her red letter day, she always celebrates it with a bau5 party.
After having partied late into the night, he was running on fumes the next day at work.
I was trying my best to chew the fat so the conversation wouldn't seem as if I was mouthing off.
When he comes of age, he would inherit a mountain of money from his grandfather.
Everything was in place, but since the seal of approval from the powers was missing, we could not go ahead with our plans.
The cyclone destroyed her entire house and her insurance company refuses to foot the bill now.
They all worked together on the project, but while submitting it, one of them stole the thunder.
Veronica drove off in high dudgeon, she was waiting you for three hours.
Are you coming out with us for lunch? nope, I have a lot of work to do, I'll have something from the cafeteria.
I could not account for the additional expenses at the wedding even though I added every guest's stay as well as sight - seeing.
The accused was saved by the bell otherwise the judge would have pronounced the sentence today itself.
I am not working right now but have a boatload of offers in the pipeline.
Break a leg! shouted the stage director to his actors before the opening of the play.
Early to bed will give you a head start in the morning.
At the end of a long trek, we were all ravenous and ready to chow down whatever was offered for dinner.
I took for granted that they would foot the bill for dinner and I was wrong.
The politician came under siege after it was discovered that he had spend campaign money on lavish parties.
I have learned my lesson from dating actors— once bitten, twice shy.
Going to college from high school was like jumping from a frying pan into a fire.
Though I feel the contract is in the bag, I'll wait for the ink to dry before telling anyone.
I do not have the cutting edge technology that is required to break this market, yet.
I think you are jumping the gun by leaving your permanent job before getting new one.
With the number of silly remarks he comes up with, I wonder if he's not playing with a full deck.
She acted like a cucumber when her parents told her they were getting a divorce.
A self - made man would understand the value of his empire greater than the sum of his parts.
Why are you at daggers drawn with your teacher? he only discouraged you in front of the class to make you realize your potential.
So far, for the masses ignorance is bliss but no more.
After her nasty divorce, her friends recommended that she go out more as laughter is the best medicine.
The rules in our school are black and white.
You saved me from having to talk to that tedious woman and you are my knight in shining armour.
It was flu season and people in our office were dropping like flies.
She was taken aback when he popped the question.
My boss has taken the rap for us regarding the head office's decision to stop giving bonuses.
My friends were having a discussion about the future if the financial markets, but it was all greek to me.
The director of the company passed the torch after he got too sick to take care of the ball and chain.
The government's decision to curb benefits to some sections of society is like a land mine.
Though it was love at first sight for tracy and john, it did not last long and they broke up after just six months.
His wife sits on his head, so to speak.
People these days have uncle tom cobley and all in their friend list over social media and I wonder if they really talk or even know each other.
Can you try to find out more about these plans? I think that the company is up to no good with releasing my gratuity amount.
We will inform you at the drop of a dime your order will be ready.
Dhl delivered the goods to me like a bat out of hell.
I have to take either physics or chemistry this semester so I'm caught between a rock and a hard place.
However, it also encouraged corporate investment in safety, arguing that it would pay off in the long run.
Look at that necklace rebecca! I always knew you would make it big.
My granny does not like pizza at all, she prefer to eat porridge - really, you can't teach an old dog new tricks.
I pity him and he has lost his job, his marriage is on the rocks and his kids don't even speak to him.
I always feel like I'm in a fog when I take that medication.
His bread and butter comes entirely from the pension amount.
When writing an article make sure that the language you use is breath mint for your audience.
He went after her just because the forbidden fruit is always the sweetest.
I read the newspaper while sipping my morning cup of tea, killing two birds with one stone.
Jenny is always up at the crack of dawn while jack is a bona fide night owl.
His comments were intended to be tongue in cheek, but his friends took it seriously and that started a war of words.
Its strange how two different people wrote about the same thing in different places and arrived at similar conclusions! indeed, two birds with one stone.
Where can I get a hell of a cup of joe around here?
I like to veg out from time to time, it is the only way that I can maintain my cool at such a stressful job.
The two neighbours had always been quarreling, but they finally shook hands and decided to make amends when they met at a local event.
He walked back inside and took stock of the situation.
John and I take turns to take the dogs for a stroll in the park.
Oh, man I didn't want to cross the river, but finally I made it.
I have read the article, but I take it with a grain of salt.
The feedback that we received from the public was heart - warming.
Sara and sam have been in seventh heaven since they got hitched.
The survivor, although still under shock, elaborately spoke off the cuff regarding the accident.
It depends what mood the chef is in, because the food can be really hit or miss in that cafe.
After her husband cheated on her she went nuclear with everyone in her life.
After signing out his personal effects, matt was all set to leave the prison like a free man.
Amanda decided to walk on thin ice by quitting her day job to pursue her passion of wildlife photography.
Twice in a row and I cannot believe how much he has grown up over the last year. kolten wong has missed his target twice.
She got into the political party by blowing her own trumpet and she is not capable of running it.
The gas supply will be restored, but in the meantime, we are turning to cold meals.
Heads up about your friends coming over for dinner, I have cooked only for 2 people and there are 10 waiting to eat right now! could you at least give the people in that village a pat on the back.
He said he would take a rain check on visiting us today.
She discovered all of his dark secrets after the wedding and it froze her to the bone.
Websites on health and fitness are a dime a dozen nowadays, but not all of them are up to date and have correct information.
Jules and nora are made of heaven and earth and they love doing things together and cannot bear to be away from each other.
As I am the new kid on the block I know that I will have to bust my ass to prove myself.
It looks like they really screwed up this time.
The last thing I want is to hurt you, but I have to say - your fashion sense is a pit of beans!
In the current environment where everyone is in a rush for everything, one stop shops are the ultimate solution for grocery shopping.
The footballer has a change of heart after retirement declaration inflamed fans.
He was so smitten with her that he was ready to follow her to the ends of the earth just to be with her.
She keeps talking about her big - time ambitions, but it's all castles in the air.
The family was asked to look before they leap into buying this house and people in the village say that it is haunted by the ghost of the lady that lived here ten years ago.
The manager was fired from his job after making such a huge mistake, but that's the way the cookie crumbles.
My mother always drops by the children's hospital to check if they need something that she can help with.
Hey, bob chin up, we' re not lost yet.
The dining for the vips in the mega event was placed in tandem by the organizers.
Andy was feverishly trying to catch rebecca's eyes at the party but she kept ignoring him.
I hate walking through this rat hole to get to my friend's house.
A surgical strike was launched on the enemy’s military headquarters.
She is a very nice person and is always willing to go the extra mile to help others.
A gang of goons was beating an old man but instead of helping him everybody turned a blind eye.
I am not one to bad -mouth anybody for their appearance.
Simran is looking for a true friend, not a fair - weather friend.
He has reached the crest of a wave with his new book.
I turned it off and back on, and that did the trick.
My cousin is seen as the black sheep in our family and she ran off with her boyfriend.
Always be optimistic and look for the silver lining.
He is not able to start over now that he has work experience of 8 years.
Don't overstate, it was only flu - you were on the precipice of death.
The fellow has always been a black sheep since he is the youngest of the four siblings.
Do you think that you deserve a pat on the back for telling the whole company that I was the one who broke the printer?
I ordered a baker's dozen of donuts from dunkin and they never came, I don't think I will ever go there again.
I always thought that jane would wind up I am shocked at how well she is doing.
I never said that in jest, if she misunderstood then it was her job to get the statement clarified.
Let's face it, the new club has three pools and so many amenities, we have never had it so good.
Even with the increased hostility at work, amanda faced all her colleagues head - on as she pitched her new proposal.
She had to choose between the two suitors, about whom she was tossed from pillar to post.
She spilled the beans and finally told her parents about her plans of getting married.
Mieno is shooting down the report before she's even seen it.
She's not feeling well today due to the baby blues.
He got off on the wrong foot with his girlfriends father when they clashed over political views.
The train started right on cue that was provided by the guard outside.
You never can tell, some dark horse many come along and win a house of lords seat.
When he pulled out the gun I was sure that we were all done for.
I am glad that you are enjoying your holiday, the best is yet to come.
Why are you as busy as a bee in a hive?
The current prime minister thinks it is a punchline to volte face on the plans that he announces publicly.
With a heavy heart, we had to leave the funeral ceremony.
If you need help, just call on mike and he can come in a trice.
Although long in the tooth now, my gran has some spine - tingling stories to tell us.
Although I trust in god, I visit a temple once in a blue moon.
After his first accident, sam is quite careful in driving now because a burnt child will burn to death.
She intends to kill as many birds with one stone before her parents get serious and start finding a groom for her.
My grandfather would be suited and booted to go to the church every sunday up until the time that he passed away.
Mary finally deciding to date leon was her ultimately throwing caution to the winds.
I am going to bet on the hockey tonight and our team has been on a roll this season.
I chickened out before going through with the plan.
My mother came across this ancient recipe from my grandmother's things and decided to give it a shot.
On the way home, the politician was followed by two bodyguards.
The dog days of summer are a black swan for those who have to work out in the open.
The maid had put a sock in it while doing the dishes because her employer was asleep on the sofa and could have gotten wind of it.
Sir, breathe easy - your damaged car is on the mend.
Pamela had no business meeting up with your husband to sort out your marital issues - this should be only between you and your husband.
The class was as keen as mustard to begin the 4 day trip.
She was only 10 minutes late to the party but apparently the cake was over in no time.
How can such a serious error go undetected by the inspectors?
He blew his cover when getting drunk.
I would like you to mind your own beeswax because; I am sick and tired of your suggestions.
I am done talking, dead air.
Most teenagers are quick to fall in love and expect it to last a lifetime, but of course it is puppy love and they soon grow wings and disappear.
Humans have found thousand uses for man's best friend over the years.
We are going to organise a beautiful birthday party for my mom and we will have cake, champagne, balloons and so on.
This european country has seen some amazing times but then the bigger they are the harder they fall, they are now running on bread and water.
I'm going to hit the books the minute she comes.
I have done everything for her, but she left me because of that guy, stabbed me in the back.
She bends over backwards so that his mother does not find out about his father's medical condition.
Now it's calm and quiet in the house - just what the doctor ordered.
I like when things are plainly spelt out instead of being left in a situation with various shades of grey.
It is time the countries shook up their relations to preserve peace in the region.
Stopping by woods on a snowy evening is a must read by robert frost.
The company rejected his application for a job, and to add insult to injury, refused to foot the bill.
To expect that a person with such integrity will bite the hand that feeds him is fanciful and hasn't he given you enough instances in the past about his integrity?
Though mark may be friends with other girls, he has eyes only for her.
I will give you the information regarding what really happened, but strictly off the record.
One of the reasons my fiance and I get along so well is that we have the same bucket list!
She seemed to go belly up shortly after her promotion as cabinet minister.
She has to manage getting the contract this time since her job is on the line if she fails.
I started learning tennis after having tried swimming because variety is the spice of life.
She had a blazing row with her husband and in the heat of the moment, left him.
To be well read is a must in the current times.
I saw a mother was teaching to her son that calling someone names is a mortal sin.
Her explanations about the previous night's events actually shed more light than ever on what had occurred.
We had planned to hold a get - together in the evening, but bad weather threw a spanner in the works.
The fact that he's such a yes man makes me wonder if I even know him because he always just goes along with what everyone says.
This new has has such an interesting story and an amazing ending that it just knocked me out.
I do not believe him and he has a sick habit of spinning yarns about his school days.
After experiencing some bouts of morning sickness, kate began to suspect that she might have a bun in the oven.
My neighbour's political wish is a pie in the sky.
Both of the dogs are as strong as iron and too close to call.
The new boy band is distinct and determined not to play second fiddle to any other group.
It does not take long for a person to turn cold hearted in such conditions.
It was so nice to bump into you last week and I haven't seen you in ages.
I will need to chew the fat before I decide whether or not to start my own business.
The accused man swallowed his pride as the judge handed down his sentence.
Tracy and sandra don't even acknowledge each other's presence when they are together for some reason and there's literally no love lost between them.
It is true that all camp followers listen to him speak on the radio thrice a day.
He had butterflies in his stomach as he walked out onto the stage for his dance performance.
We are having a farewell party for him tonight, would you like to pitch in?
I have been living in this house since the year dot and know everyone in the vicinity by their first name.
When people fall in love, they want it to last forever, but sometimes love is blind.
They wanted to keep the news under wraps to avoid a scandal, but someone on the inside sold them out.
I used to try to strike while the iron was hot but barely ever succeeded.
She slapped my wrist away from the cookie jar and has the whole thing to herself now.
After being spurned twice, sally said she would never fall for anyone again.
If the factory closes, that will be a million pounds' worth of investment gone down the drain.
At graduation everyone was saying this is the last time we'll all see each other, but who knows it might even happen!
Britain used to go in and take over countries by force.
Prayers and blessings are said to be the silver lining for someone in a situation that seems difficult.
She knows her craft well and can get it done for you in a trice.
I’m so mad at jane because she broke my favourite pair of earrings and I told her not to borrow my things and.
The backers of these riots have blood on their hands.
Having tried to solve the problem for quite some time, we were back to square one when none of our solutions worked.
He was such a dog in the manager's ear about us going out tonight even though he has to study and wouldn't be able to hang out with us anyways.
Me being a linguist has stood me in good stead in my travels and adventures.
She doesn't want to retire - she' d rather die a hundred deaths.
The employees were swimming in money until the management wrapped up the entire business.
I like hanging on to my wallet every time that I am in a crowded place.
Our drive to drain the swamp has been successful in cutting down on bribery and graft.
One step forward, one step back, that's how it is for her when she invests in the stock market.
Both parties agreed that their past disputes were water under the bridge and decided to work together towards a common goal.
I paid him $3000 as a deposit but he still has not fixed my car and I think he has me for a chew toy.
My father has promised to be at my hockey game tomorrow and only time will tell whether he actually shows up.
No one had expected such``a precipitous fall from grace``of highly reputed company.
I wish that everybody was as warm - hearted as you, susan, it would make my life a bed of roses.
I think he is gunning for the top job because he has a chip on his shoulder with some of his colleagues.
This restaurant is a shrine to the blue bloods of the city.
He had an apartment which he used as a love nest for his countless love nests.
I agreed to start my relationship with him from scratch.
Their team is looking better, but they have miles to go before they hit the pillow.
When the prime minister came on the stage and started his speech, the audience were all ears with the noisy auditorium suddenly dying of applause.
I want to turn over a new leaf regarding my overeating habit.
A few crocodile tears and he's all she wants.
I like my new neighbour and even though he runs his own company and is filthy rich he doesn't put on airs.
Let's give her a second chance and assume that she is right.
She started to spin some yarn to the police officers about how she found a huge bag containing 5 pounds of gold.
An earth shaking announcement is on the horizon about education in the united states by the american president.
He has broken the mould with the way he approaches issues in psychology.
That man is a cancer in your bosom; leave him behind or he will betray you.
Since I am on vacation I take a catnap every day.
The politician made a right fool of himself with all that mumbo jumbo on the stage and do not think he is going to be voted for this time.
The latest opinion poll shows that the race between the republicans and democrats would be neck and neck.
A hissy fit is not justified just to get someone to listen to you.
Wine and dine with my family on tuesday?
This organisation has zero tolerance for any cases that include a charge of high jacking.
The family is better off without this guy who respects nobody and thinks that he is the centre of the universe.
Hiking is not my cup of tea, but my man is all about it.
They did not share any secrets with him since he was seen as being something of a loose cannon.
Its not for nothing that people are calling you names; you' re getting your just deserts.
I'm going to sink or swim if my boss refuses to approve the project done by me after the hard work of a week.
I am not in the state to disclose all these issues and what you know is just the tip of the iceberg and for now, that will do.
The best thing about having a house in this society is that all the must haves are right at our doorstep.
In a thea closinga fewa minutes, a oura teama hada itsa backa toa thea walla buta continueda to fighta gallantly.
It's not good to be seen as a toothpick as people would always doubt your intentions.
The doctor told him to just sit tight while he bandaged his injured leg.
Ahead of the elections, politicians won't hesitate to go to war.
The sad music describes my mood to a t.
The terrified crowd ran amok all over the place when they the sound of an explosion went off.
She has barely spent quality time with her husband since the time they tied the knot.
The couple waited with bated breath for the ceremonies to finally die.
The presentation touched off a firestorm and I would like to spend some time talking about it.
When the popular minister's adulterous relationships were revealed, his political career went up in smoke and the press called him a love rat and his image in the public took a huge beating.
They really threw the book at him but he took it head - on.
I'm not as dumb as you think; don't try to pull the wool over my eyes.
You have attended to the same person over and over again and I guess you should move on now.
I will give you a call as soon as I am up and about.
I've scratched your back countless times, now its your turn.
They are head over heels in love and are 100% supportive of each other.
I can't believe that you are upset because I was late and that is the pot calling the kettle black.
Given his close friendship with the president, mark is regarded as high up.
She bundled up her clothes and set off on the road.
Drive like a turtle and take care not to slip on the icy roads.
I' d rather miss the deadline and submit a good report than rush through it and make one full of errors because haste makes waste.
You may know that my father was between a rock and a hard place back then which is why he could not finance my college education.
I don't see why he finds her attractive, I think she is downright ugly; but, beauty is in the eye of the beholder, as they say.
The children were spellbound looking at that massive cookie that was made as an attempt to enter the world records.
Steve has been going through a rough patch lately - he has lost his job and his wife wants a divorce.
Isn't it obvious that kate and mark are an item? they are inseparable, rarely seen without one another.
Susan is holed up after her break up because she is way too upset these days.
I feel like college is all about burning the midnight oil for me.
The situation was terrible, but like many politicians he was a magnet for trouble.
The deal is in the can but first things first, let's discuss how the remuneration for the work will be done.
He has seen ups and downs in his career but finally became richest person in the town.
I have seen a lady like her; she loves her better half more than life itself.
The announcement of chief guest's arrival at the school annual function was timed to a t.
I like to bide my time and get the cake out at the stroke of midnight, every year on my wife's birthday.
At the end of the day, I have decided that law school is the best path for me.
I have to take this medicine to stave off an infection and I have a bad cut from falling off my motorcycle.
The newly added feature by google+ will be able to tell how caught up you are in the application.
My uncle has always been fond of telling tall tales about his time overseas. I used to believe him when I was a kid, but now I've learned to just laugh along.
I found a quaint new craft store by chance the other day.
I fear that sticking to an ironclad agenda may queer our pitch as we head into general elections.
I heard the best joke yesterday and it has me in stitches.
When her husband left for america she was too down in the dumps to stand a chance.
He makes a compelling case and I am leaning towards voting for him.
Following the aftermath of the hurricane, my heart goes out to all the residents of new orleans.
The gun was fired from point blank.
Nothing was handed to her on a silver platter despite herculean efforts.
Saying you will achieve this task is like saying you will find a needle in a haystack.
I don't think anyone will be able to fill the bill to become her husband, her list of requirements is miles long.
My mother could always smell a rat when either of us would be up to a mischief.
Kim was mortally embarrassed having walked into pat's room while he was in the buff.
The old man decided to kill himself, spending everything that he earned on his children.
You know I can't resist a page - turner and why did you have to recommend such a good book when you know I have to go away on a holiday soon?
He has never worked in the hr department before but when the department head left unexpectedly, he was called upon.
Do you really have to behave like a bull in a china shop while I speak with my clients?
When you are in the real estate industry then thinking outside the box helps tremendously.
The lawyer had to swallow his pride in the court because the facts he presented were wrong.
He was a basket case by the end of the long day.
It's not a good idea to stay up till 2 am when you have to be in school the next day.
I would kill to visit new zealand once, before I buy the farm.
I guess it's a case of apple of dad, apple of son.
I hate to feel like a sitting duck in any situation.
I know that the measures introduced by the government during the recession are unpopular, but times call for drastic measures.
The sailor held everyone captive with wild tales of his adventures at sea.
Although environmental conservation is extremely important but industrialists generally view it is as a mere red tape.
Although I don't want to get your goat but I've lost your phone - under a rock.
