That joke is so old, the last time I heard it I was riding on a dinosaur.
Insolent boy, I'll cut you to ribbons!
I would give my life for a coffee.
I'll tell you a tale of the limitless blue that is the ocean.
After watching the movie, I wanted to put the villain through the wall into the next planet.
The noise was so great, it could be heard in both the countries.
That must be the angel music I hear.
The buyer needs 100 eyes.
We've been dealing with it for months, and months and months.
I would buy it, if it did not cost an arm and a leg!
That test is so easy even a baby can pass it!
And soon I'll be famous beyond belief.
Old mr. smith has been teaching here since the stone age.
Set a beggar on horseback, and he'll ride to the devil.
Nothing's impossible!
A day was twenty-four hours long but seemed longer.
She'll erupt when she finds out that her brother left.
Who can beat level six?
Supernatural courage is needed when bringing a message to a hostile audience.
Living with apprehensive parents is like being trapped in a tower.
A man can have a belly you could house a commercial aircraft in.
We are traversing the vast desert of everyday life.
I'm sure jason would rather lose an arm than lose face by pulling out.
It was said that he had read so many books that his brain was literally mush.
All these parties will break my bank.
Dusty snowflakes began to fall.
See, my dear, a pair of high heels is indispensable these days.
The joke was just epic!
I'm sure the spider was about to leap off the wall, latch itself onto my leg and start gnawing me.
Not too far away is an empire of chicken farms.
The girl is a force of nature.
You could see she was scared out of her mind.
I'll see him wriggle like a worm on a hook!
The style is the man.
One could swear that the contortionist had no bones.
Being in debt makes my muscles ache.
Masses of garbage reached so high that it almost touched the roof.
You are a fully-grown man, you are a clown.
This drink literally makes you grow wings.
Remember, quasimodo they're gypsies. they'll steal us blind.
My lover's arms were made to hold me close.
The taste is perfect.
The veteran proclaimed he had tree trucks for legs.
Being led around aimlessly felt like being a zombie.
Nice to see you eating pineapple pizza. it warms my italian heart.
Books are food for avid readers.
Lots of questions were thrown our way.
His eyes were pure black.
Wow, I'm dead from the neck up today.
I know this place like the back of my hand.
He's a wrecking ball for the future of the party.
I can see you've had a change of heart.
Nice to see her in those cheap shapeless clothes.
Daisy buchanan is gatsby's grail that he fails to possess.
I'm so addicted to my green tea fix each morning!
You're so sweet, you give me diabetes.
His charisma magnetized us.
When you get emotional, your brain sort of short circuits.
Parents' affection is cosmic.
I can smell pizza from a mile away.
I don't work without coffee: it's my daily drug.
The resources are pitifully small.
She had an angelic glow about her.
The title says it all.
The president said that the well-being of citizens is his north star.
Your judgement at this point is worth more than nothing.
The minister told the guests that the couple's friendship was sweeter than honey.
I swear you've doubled in size since I saw you last month.
Weight training is ridiculously good for you.
His studded jacket is literally drilling holes in his body.
They go about together like siamese twins.
They were probably hoping to crucify me in front of the whole world.
Guess you've run out of ideas.
One winter was so cold that the snow turned blue.
So much snow that it's like walking in the clouds.
To some, ai is taking the lid off pandora's box.
She's just a puppet, acting on the directives of her friends.
Many people say that my father is still a kid.
I've seen this movie at least eighty thousand times.
It's the end of the world.
It is a truth universally acknowledged that a single man in possession of a fortune must be in want of a wife.
Christmas will never come.
She ran the gamut of emotions.
He used to teach there and used to get harassed by all the pupils.
That lawyer's words are bullets.
The taste of kellogg's frosted flakes brings out the best in you.
Art is my way to heaven.
No other friendship could be so strong.
I love when you only drink half of the soda.
And there, before you, is barbeque perfection.
Come on, I'm a vault of secrecy.
Seeing my bestfriend again would mean the world to me.
After workout I feel I could lift a sumo wrestler.
We used to be as independent as a flock of sheep.
His mother is very apprehensive and keeps him in a bubble.
That man corrupts whatsoever he touches.
These flowers are absurdly awesome!
And it is a tiny mouthful of heaven.
I love you with so much of my heart that nothing is left to protest.
Over my dead body are you meeting with them.
This policy will plunge the country into uncharted waters.
My hair is poker-straight.
Your body is a wonderland.
Sometimes ignorance is bliss.
I felt a blast of flavor in my mouth.
Your speech evokes a thousand sympathies.
This restaurant sums up the neighbour in all its hipster glory!
This blog is my harem, where my innermost secrets are shared.
He's a monster.
It's so dark, even a bat couldn't see in this room.
They were all dying of laughter.
You stepped on a land mine, boy.
Daisy was the ultimate unattainable woman.
These are the proofs of the invincible smartness of the human race.
When everyone went home for holidays, the campus became a ghost town.
You're being stalked by an emotional vampire.
It'd take a miracle to get me into the army.
It's time to stop living like a dead man.
I lost my sense of humor in the before christ to be precise.
Be silent as a ninja.
Get moving, there's no time.
You've made me the happiest man alive, rita.
I just got hit by an avalanche of cramps.
He could swear he saw a puff of smoke coming out of her ears.
With a word she can get what she came for.
I swear he'd rather die of starvation than even get a whiff of it!
That artist is a wordless person, she rarely speaks.
Forget knocking it out of the park, frank can knock a baseball off the continent.
We must obey my mother's whims! we bow to her commands!
This is a must buy!
The town I grew up in is so isolated that rock, paper, scissors is considered a high tech game.
He drank a tanker of milk as if he was a drain.
This musician is the god of guitar.
I breathe without you.
Better be in the world than out of the fashion.
Thanks for always listening to me.
I thought we had a deal but you stabbed me in the back.
Beautiful new haircut!
His bark breaks the sound barrier.
I almost cracked my rib laughing so hard.
My tongue is a piece of sandpaper.
And your father and I worked on those plans together, over and over again.
He's light like a feather.
I'm quite imperturbable, only ufo can rock me.
When my dog waves, his tail it causes hurricanes.
The flower of poetry will spring up toward god.
We picked up a bottle once on a trip and were blown away!
Love and be wise.
I wonder if this is a spaceship or a regular car.
People hang on every word you say.
