How can you drag your heels on such an important project? this could be the biggest thing on your resume.
I used to hitchhike when I was in high school to earn some side money.
It would be good if you stop picking sides and choose whose side you are on.
This woman is well - to - do and can well afford to compensate you.
In the race for the presidency, the democratic candidate was head and shoulders above the republican candidate.
It is very inspiring to see young people go after the careers of their choice with so much zeal and ambition.
I really hit the bottle after that weekend.
All the artists in their salad days were short on money.
I couldn't sleep well last night, so am not at my best today.
The police worked very hard for a long time to tamp down the rampage of the advancing protestors.
Police officers go above and beyond in order to keep our streets safe.
It is not easy to turn back such a decision so you better not take it if you are unsure.
Alternatively, maybe we should have explored policy alternatives.
I whetted his appetite for the vacation that I have been planning for months by showing him the itinerary.
The stock market has given me good returns and helped me build savings for my golden years.
The footballer slipped and tore his ligament and was told that he would have to sit out the rest of the season.
Jason tried to mend fences with his mother by replacing the teapot that he had broken earlier.
How do I tell mary that her baby is dead?
The sight was so dreadful that it has given me a chill to the bone and I will never step in that street again.
I am sorry that you missed john, he will be back soon, he has just run out for some milk.
We were all on pins and needles as we waited for the surgeon's report.
Throughout the funeral of her parents, mary didn't show her true colours.
Every woman wants to be married to a man that can bring home the bacon.
Her daughter seems like a down to earth gal but she is not so in reality.
He was trying to hold me down, that molester and that's when I got him off balance and punched him smack dab in the nose.
His inability to procure funding for his trial has really put a damper on his efforts.
I like my fruits to be a cut above the rest and always go with the highest organic brands.
I am expecting a promotion and a big pay hike this year, come hell or high water.
The players were over the moon after overcoming a tough opponent to win the championship.
To turn him into a good citizen of the country is quite a challenging task since he is full of hatred from within.
You must be out of your mind if you think that it will rain at the time of such hot summers.
Initially, I was not interested to meet the parents of my girl friend, but after last night's dinner treat I found them very nice and down to earth couple.
She had a soft spot for her youngest brother and was always fighting for him, even if it was his fault.
My friend and his fiancee are getting hitched next month and then they are going for a month long honeymoon to some exotic location.
Can you speak louder because those at the back can barely hear you?
The grocer is an old - school, he will not give you a single penny of discount.
My sister is very spoilt and when she doesn't get her way, she goes ballistic because she feels like she has been wronged.
There are a lot of things that need to be completed for our project and I would suggest that we start with a clean slate.
The players of that team are a bunch of clowns, but the captain shouldn't be ascribed the same faults as them and he is a great player.
This school prepares its students for the rat race from the very beginning.
Don’t worry about the failure of your driving test, because the best drivers always make it the first time.
The plan is good, but I'll play devil's advocate so that we know what the opposition can say.
My younger daughter is hell bent on becoming a painter, that is why she is working so hard nowadays.
It is polite to say something like``have a good meal``or``take it easy!``before sharing a meal with others.
The opportunity to sing in the new york philharmonics was the zenith of his musical career.
He always had the feeling that she was keeping him at arm's length.
I was in a pickle, health wise, when I had my first child.
David's marriage to ann is simply a means to an end.
Those risky investments seem crazy, but there's a method to their madness.
Writing this paper was not a piece of cake.
My neighbor had applied for the post of architect in a big project, but did not make the cut.
She and her husband fell head over heels in love the first time they had met - at a singing competition in their neighbourhood.
I am so jealous that she has the best of everything.
His parents were already angry when he flunked the class and when they saw him drunk, it only added fuel to the flames.
We will be out of here in no time.
Though many countries are democratic which means equal rights for all yet it has been seen that the upper crust get added privilege in one way or the other.
This music is much more my cup of tea than this new stuff.
Despite the difficult conditions, the batsman hung in there and steered his team to victory.
The constant shifting sands have taken their toll on many countries.
If you don't pay attention in class, you'll miss the boat and do badly in your exams.
It is not fair that mathew gets a beating every time something goes wrong in the school.
I am really happy with the new job and I mean that with all due respect.
Dean, use your brain and I know you can figure this out on your own.
The marriage ended in a huff I never thought he could have an affair outside his marriage.
It is obvious that steve really loves sarah, but she told me that he has not told her that he loves her yet.
The building blocks of success, in my view, come from perseverance and hard work.
Don't blow the canadian wrestler it just the peace before the incident - I am sure that he will return with tremendous force and energy.
Being a boss she needed to apply the carrot and stick approach effectively to discipline her junior team members.
You are working over 100 hours a week, dude, take a hike and do something fun!
Everyone urged matt to keep his nose clean by avoiding peter's company following the warrant issued for his arrest.
You look just like your grandfather at your age.
You said that I would never finish this race and you will have to eat humble pie.
He did not expect his book to do so well, the award nomination came out of the blue for him.
Being selected as a software engineer in microsoft is a big deal for me and my family.
He is looking for a new job as he does not see eye to eye with his manager.
The stereotype is that most international students are born with silver spoons.
When you knew that you have come down with yellow fever then why did you not make it known?
The first chapter of that novel really caught my eye— I'm eager to read more of it tonight..
Please keep your kind suggestions to yourself and zip your lip about my matters.
I don't believe that your dog ate your homework pete and I am not playing with a full deck.
I felt like I had a big bang after I aced that exam.
I don't care how you make it but you have to come to my party.
The one and only group of art is acknowledged as the best from all of the art groups of academy.
Every morning, he dusted, cleaned and wound up the old grandfather clock that he had inherited as a family heirloom and it was truly a labour of love.
Although the job does not pay very well, she is very happy there.
She decided not to bring the family dispute to court as she feared it would only lead to a lot of public discussion of private scandals and difficulties.
Poor richard was to me as eldest son, the apple of my eye.
A person needs serious discipline to kick an addiction like drinking.
The fbi headquarters operate round the clock to keep crime rates to a minimum.
Sara was on the ball, but couldn't think of it in time.
They are on the case to restart the engine.
Be patient - those who cheat you will get their just deserts one day.
My mom's narrow attitude about gender equality really drives me up the wall.
She sings in a beautiful manner, her soft voice is music to my ears.
I always tell my clients to keep your hair on when you are sitting in court.
The influential leader's political career came crashing down when the news broke out that he had a love child with one of his junior party members.
The audience fell silent when the speaker came on.
She is tight - lipped about her family and close friends.
After having beaten the opposition comfortably, the players went out on the town to celebrate their win.
Nowadays computer software and mobile applications have cut down on learning time making them easier to use by a wide range of people.
As soon as everyone was assembled, the team was on the ball and began the discussion.
I cannot believe it! you are not going to the supermarket like that, are you? don't tell me that you are.
We had a heavy lunch today, and now I am feeling under the weather.
The flowers are all dead as a dodo.
I don't want to be at odds with you.
I would like this project to get back on track at least if we cannot reason with the client to go any further and the employees should get their due share after having put in so much work.
I know that no man is an island.
Although I was reckless at the casino, it did not take me long to pull myself together and not blow off all my savings.
The man has no experience in art and manages to pull the wool over people's eyes through the purchase of fakes instead of the originals.
And secondly, although my adoptive parents are lovely, I' d often felt like a basket case.
It seems that upon further reflection I was wrong and I will have to come clean.
My dog is always full of energy and can barely sit still.
When the retiring teacher received many messages from his former students, he was tickled pink that they still remembered him and cared to send him their wishes.
Go away, I am fed up with your foolishness.
She is so lazy that she barely makes enough money to survive each month.
Why do you want to go to the rumour mill when you can get it straight from the original source?
Keep your friends close and your enemies closer— this is why I am talking to people I hate.
I could see that all the girls were on edge when I came out in my new dress.
She still seems wound up about the argument she had with her friend last week.
This question is getting on my nerves.
Megan was so afraid of the horror movie that she denied to recognise her father on phone call out of the blue.
I can never remember all of the formulas that we need to use in chemistry, so I have made a cheat sheet that I have laminated and put on my desk.
The katrina storm was so bad that many houses and cars went up in smoke in its wake.
The arrangements for the party went too far.
Don't think that this term's work will be a piece of cake - you'll have to study hard to get good grades.
I wish my job was an easy one, which meant working a short day.
I hate it when I have to walk on eggshells around peter when around him.
I don't like people that dwell on the past, it is better to live in the present.
I've just spent a week studying with ross and finally realized that she is a crackpot.
The forecasters are predicting a bed of roses for the ruling party in the approaching election.
Although it would have been easier to fly to the destination, my uncle stressed going by train because it would save money.
If you don't know, these are the telltale signs that a predator is around somewhere.
We cannot draw a line between sara and salina and they are very different.
Edward came of age after his parents divorce.
The divers combed every inch of the river bed but could not find his body.
The tales are interesting if you are into that kind of thing but for me it is like listening to an echo chamber.
His failed dream of being a singer has gone down the drain.
I had to ask him to repeat it because he had started to speak in a whisper.
I understand that you cannot make such a quantum leap in a day, but I implore you to try.
She decided to take up acting as a vocation and became the first real actress with an indian origin in the united states.
Leaders should be up to date on the topic they are going to give a speech on and else they will be mocked by public& lose their votes.
I cannot attend the kitty party now because my son is not up to the mark.
Women are usually not able to work with his wild and tumble looks we prefer him to be clean shaved and neat in appearance.
Quit pulling your wool over my eyes and tell me what you really want.
I have come to pass that passing this exam now is going to be very difficult.
Since farrokh was made redundant, we've really been on our uppers and we can't even afford to buy the kids new shoes.
The budget was protected by accounting act accounting for around 50 percent of total departmental spending.
You can't take it with you to your next life so please get over the love affair with this house.
My sister cashed in most of the pizza.
During an award show all the big shots were invited on stage to present the star of the millennium award.
As a young girl, her father would tell her,``don't make waves, but your hard work will be rewarded.``
Mike was sure he would crack the auditions as he was touching up his performance.
I broke open the locks in order to free the trapped birds.
The team was racing against time to finish the project on time.
Please tick off the learners' names as they enter the classroom.
The children are always jumping out of their seats and running all around, they seems to have ants in their pants.
While it is true that the brave are rewarded, you also need to look before you leap.
His grandparents have a way of life.
He went from rags to riches after his roadside performances were noticed by a famous movie maker and he was offered roles in his movies.
Their relationship began when he struck that first conversation with her, she could not refuse his proposal knowing how charming he really was!
Only those participating in the event have to come tomorrow and the faint of heart need not come.
It was made clear to the salesman that we had to have all the accessories with the car.
A next of kin is a closest family member who can be contacted in case of any crisis.
With your new makeover, you will blow them away.
He is so arrogant that if someone were to disagree to his opinions, he could just call them names.
Boss fired me from the job and I lost my wallet too, what a double whammy?
Before being reported as a scam, he used to puff himself up about this project and now the minister has abandoned responsibility for the project in front of the media.
The teacher will call out all of the students who are not keeping up their grades.
Nowadays our media is nothing more than, as one would say, a puff piece.
When ted and judy were living apart in different cities, he would write a letter to her every week and all the letters would be stamped with swak, or marked with care and love, as a mark of how much he loved her.
We had to cut ties with them as they were just not able to do the job that we needed.
My mother was convinced that he was the best match for me and as usual, mother is always right.
The pizza flavors don’t matter to me—it’s the same thing.
She has been riding high since getting engaged last week.
That store has such a sales manager who pours cold water on the customer to increase their sales.
These books are selling out like hotcakes.
My wife seems to be in a very bad mood today and I am going to take a hike before I make it worse.
When drug addicts kick the habit suddenly they experience a period of extreme suffering.
I cannot just chime in when I do not even know what you have been talking about.
Rebecca wanted us to go to dinner instead of the dodger's game, I didn't want to upset her, so I just went along with her.
Every time the exams started, I would stay up till the crack of dawn to study.
I heard rumours that our neighbours were expecting a bundle of joy, but I don't know much about it.
Nick felt like he was walking into a lion's den while he was going to the stage in order to deliver his speech.
She has promised her mother that she will pass the exam come hell or high water this year.
Jane has a grudge against that woman and she blames her for having broken her marriage up.
The water sharing pact has been a bone of contention between the two states.
Their corporate offices are under siege after their stocks plummeted last week and.
I promise to get cracking on my homework as soon as I can.
I think we should go back to the drawing board with our design, and try to make it better this time.
It would be better if you drew out a map with the direction to the place rather than just telling me because a picture is worth a thousand words.
She got the promotion even though there were two more deserving candidates because she milked the cow.
Just go on this route round and round, and you may save about 40 minutes.
After my grandfather died his will was a bone of contention in the family.
He's all in on the project completely.
She is a strong woman and can make her own bed without having a man in her life.
I held my tongue for the entire presentation until I was forced to speak by mrs and shukla.
The student choked up during the examination when he could not answer any of the questions that the examiner asked him.
I train so hard for the marathons because I believe that practice makes perfect.
The doctor said he will leave no stone unturned to find a cure for his illness.
After making a fool of himself, he looked like a fool.
We aren't as well - to - do as the jones' to eat like the wealthy.
Jacob went scot - free in the trial even though he had admitted of his guilt.
You think I'll get in to ucla? come on!
Our boss did not turn up today, so we had a field day at office and none of us did any work.
The convict escaped the police custody on the way to jail and police is apparently on a wild goose chase after he vanished into woods.
He lost his head when his wife left him over his drinking habit.
This amazing chinese soup was a shining example of food.
The bitter medicine of exercising at 5 in the morning is much better than being bed ridden for several years.
The board was placed by the manhole to caution the kids from playing there.
Her husband had suddenly walked out on her a year ago, but she still clung on to his belongings, hoping that someday he will return to her.
He has repeated the question over and over again but I still do not understand.
If you had kept your powder dry, your wedding dress would not have been ruined.
The zenith of the young people eager for rebellion was after they started becoming organized and confident of their power and abilities.
After the strike it would be some time before production gets into full swing.
One friend mine has plenty of money and she is soft hearted.
You should listen to our parents and appreciate their hard work because they' re right, money doesn't grow on trees.
I know its difficult to get over your loss, but try to keep your chin up and get on with life.
I know people who do not help their own families and to count on that we will get help is futile.
The store where I purchased it is as dead as a dodo.
The old dog finally went belly up when the winter got too harsh for him.
She has made her bed and will have to accept the consequences.
The only problem with this committee is that they do not feel the need to include the new members in their decision - making processes.
His speech was delivered at a turning point and I was beginning to think that the people were going to start fighting.
The guest became a real pain in the neck for the hosts and they were really pleased to see them leave.
Joe, being one of those who is here today and gone tomorrow, stayed the night, had some rest and ate some food and left early the next morning.
Mom, you need to chill out and I know that I failed the test but I will make it up next time.
It seems as if the merger will go through and all our hard work has been in vain.
It was dangerous to chase the robbers and they were armed to the teeth and looked merciless.
In my interview, I nearly blacked out when they asked my what my current role was - nerves got the best of me!
If you want to get a new licence you will have to go through the proper channels.
The only person who did not get punished for this mishap was you because you were out of sight, out of mind at the time.
They went down to the wire and it was impossible to tell who would win till the very last moment.
He cracks me up whenever he tries to mimic me.
She manages to give her father a ballpark figure that she would need every week.
The director had eyes on the performance of the company when he finally got to the see the financial data for the quarter end.
There is no such thing as a free lunch.
He roams around aimlessly all night unaware of the danger.
The victory of the war was not only because of the good strategy of the king, but the brave soldier and usage of better weapons should be counted in.
I eat like a pig after a good walk along the beach - the sea air really stimulates my appetite!
Valarie's car was badly damaged in the accident and he was angry about what had happened, but he soon realized that there was no use crying over spilt milk.
The two companies are at daggers drawn over the new software that is going to revolutionize their industry.
The pub operates in this area in fact but no one know where they are exactly put up.
My heart started pounding and then the instructor yelled,``come on! ``.
It makes life easier in our department when we are all on the same page.
When it came to contributing for the event, they realized all of them were in the same boat; none of them had much money with them, so they decided to drop it.
The movement to bring peace in the city is dead in the water now due to the issue of sectarianism.
There was a buzz in the atmosphere as the clock struck midnight.
I managed to save face by being able to speak about the topic, the presentation that was made was really not good.
The sun is up rise and shine!
She had a ball during the halloween party last weekend.
Leo's constant nagging certainly gets under my skin.
Amazon is a great place to shop online - sometimes they sell goods for a song.
The new medication that the doctor gave me for the flu really knocks me out.
My parents have had to cut corners since retiring.
But you know what they say, when pigs fly it goes to the extreme.
After hitting the motorcycle the car driver pulled over and he headed toward the woods.
Oh please, knock it off! it's not like you want something impossible and its just a sky diving that you wish to do and make it happen.
The visitors ran for cover when it started to rain.
His sunny demeanor is at odds with his fearsome reputation.
Mothers infected by dengue may have babies with higher risk of severe zika, and the reverse is also true.
My daughter was certainly not a night owl, she kept me awake all night most of the first year.
I should have known she is smart enough to pull the wool over my eyes.
I don't know how they'll react to our proposal, so we'll just have to go with the flow and hope for the best.
The exam was definitely out of the question for me this time because I just did not have the time to study after working two jobs.
Ruth came on time at nine.
The beggar was lying shivering on the road when a good samaritan came along and gave him a blanket and some warm clothes.
I wish that I could be a dyed in the wool liberal like you; I am always concerned about what other people think of me.
The couple did not see eye to eye on most things and had blazing rows every now and then, but when it came to their child's education, they usually agreed on what was best for him.
I had to bite my tongue not to say something when peter said that he was hard - working.
Chinese's favourite movies have all touched a chord for people moving away from their families in order to find work.
He definitely is willing to go for broke.
Just sit tight till we have an official communication, then you can let the news out.
Please zip it.
Get up go find a job and start earn something now, don't lie around like a lazy person, you've grown up now.
The old tug of war, support for your party through good and bad times, is fading.
This concern hall is usually bursting at the seams.
The children were blown away when they met their favourite cricket player and he had always seemed impressive to them.
Looks like your wife has combed through your laptop while you were away.
Began the day feeling unhappy today and he's been awfully grumpy all day. everything has been going wrong for me today!
I will be there for your wedding, come hell or high water.
The war in germany was the root of most of my grandfathers traumatic experiences.
After he was rude to her she left the party in a huff.
Not many people know that he has such a painful past and has been admitted in the hospital so many time from the down to earth demeanour that he carries currently.
If you buy a used car without examining it thoroughly first, you might end up buying a pig in a poke.
This business idea can take you from rags to riches in just a few years but you can't expect that there will not be work involved.
Telling your friend that you like their new haircut, when you really don' t, is an example of a white lie and.
Bad grammar drives him up the wall.
The government's attitude on the issue has remained cloudy for some time, so today's statement should clarify things considerably.
Do you think the officer gave that statement of his own accord or was he forced to do it by his superiors?
The sheriff is not going to go belly up so easily and he has seen many such goons in his career.
The boy said that he couldn't help but ask me out, as the sight of me in my lovely dress had made him spellbound.
When his sister was going through a difficult period and needed support, he dropped everything and went to stand by her; blood is thicker than water.
No one was able to come up with a medicine that would eliminate the viral diseases.
You will go on a date with my sister, come on!
Stephen was bang on when he said that what the company was lacking in was clear vision and focus.
After visiting the religious site they shave their heads and go bald and it is a part of the ritual without with the pilgrimage is not considered complete.
Why don't you drop by my place? I live so close to here.
She met him in her younger days, and his charm had such a powerful effect on her that she could not get enough of him.
When the boss found out that the accounting department was cutting their budget they let them go.
I've cajole him a bit and he will get you the passes to the event.
I am aware having a silver spoon in your mouth will be better but choose to let people know of his courageous acts.
Calm down; this issue is small, we don't want to make it big.
If your community goes belly up, you have to proceed to its closure.
In the aviation industry there is very little that can be afforded to have mismanaged.
I must have to run for cover now to catch the train, if I want to reach my destination time.
An intricate equation like this is a piece of cake for someone with my superior intellect and I will show you how to solve it.
John goes over the top, nobody wants to work with him as he makes everyone else look bad.
He has always been so nice, touch wood!
Have a look at this website and it talks of everything under the sun.
You signed up for the met gala tomorrow, hope you haven't forgotten? he asked me to tell you that.
She did not even smile! the joke was definitely not on her tongue.
Can't wait to get past the first christmas since my divorce.
The win was marred in controversy, but the jubilant fans did not give a damn.
The propaganda people are just feeding false information.
It is usually the father's sister who comes up with a name for the baby in the indian culture.
Let's discuss the important points head - on and wrap up this discussion quickly.
My teacher has to say that he studied at harvard at the drop of a hat in every lecture.
The kids write to me from time to time letting me know of their latest adventures.
They were on the brink of getting married when she found out that he had similarly conned many other women.
How do you expect all four of us to stay in that room? it is so tight.
She lost her head when she heard of her child's misdeeds.
Much to the delight of the employees, a significant wage hike was announced rolling over to everyone.
She had opened the can but it is now his responsibility if he wants to consider her proposal of marriage.
The man ate food at the buffet to his heart's content and he seemed really happy as he left for home.
My brother has been antsy since yesterday as his exam results are scheduled to be declared today.
The winner team took what they could get and hung in there with what they had.
In case of law suits it is better to hope for the best, and prepare to lose it.
Bite your tongue boy or do you have nothing to say?
I had no intention of saying that to her, it was a slip of the pen.
I am not going to think about getting a new job now, I will cross that bridge when I come to it.
I am having trouble understanding how to get cracking on this weeks research assignment.
It took her long before she came out came out with her interest in the biotechnology industry.
Judy was crushed when her fiance did not turn up for their wedding and decided not to marry her.
We are going to waterpark to beat the heat.
The ceo is usually the one at the centre of the storm in such a case.
Sarah has spent her whole life in performing a routine job work so don't count on her to think creatively.
It would be better if you applied to several companies instead of just one; don't put all your eggs in one basket.
I have the contract in black and white should the issue come up in the future.
His contract includes round the clock monitoring of the software to ensure that there is no malfunction.
She went for broke by sharing her research paper with her friend despite the tough plagiarism policy.
I know you are bitter about losing that job, but try to get over it and find another one.
I will not be going to the party and by the way, I do not like him too much.
My memory is very bad and I have to write everything important down.
The deal was about to be cancelled, but at the last moment, the sales team pulled a rabbit out of their hat and convinced the client to seal the deal.
My brother's not the sharpest tool in the shed.
The acid test of the new theory would come when it is actually implemented and the results come out.
After the accident, bits and pieces of the wreckage spread all over the road.
When he made that offer, I was under no illusion.
If you really want to become a successful actor, go for broke and give up everything else and focus only on your acting career.
His stand - up comedy is amongst the best I have seen and everyone goes home full of beans.
People should learn to bite the bullet after encountering any major issues as this is the only way they can succeed.
He is taking you to the most lavish restaurant in town and do you think he is going to pop the question?
With all of the new restructuring going on, another client would cause problems, but corporate is only concerned about money.
Nobody likes someone nagging them when they want to work peacefully.
The couple did not go abroad because they had an old age home to look after& didn't want many of the elderly to fall through the cracks.
They are always holding hands and kissing in public and they are a love birds.
I've heard that they change the crown jewels with knock offs so that they are protected from thieves and is that true?
You keep trying to convince him to join your company, but I think you're barking up the wrong tree.
I am full of beans after the large breakfast that we had earlier.
A company can use backdoor listing if they are not able to go public by themselves and although this method of getting public funds do not guarantee success.
The cops always keep an eye on the top trouble makers of the city to ensure that the festival period are not affected.
The company management feels that the young and active people should be used to find process improvement ideas because they can bring a bird's eye view to our processes.
I am certain that the economy is going to take a beating due to fall in prices.
The new coffee cart is a flash in the pan and they are hoping we forget about all of the overtime that we have to work.
By accepting two part - time jobs, he is clearly promising more than meets the eye.
John is such an energetic and volatile person; he is a good source of comic relief.
Your term paper must touch on the major themes of modernism.
These days the houses collapse before they are built and such is the quality that is used today.
There is no time like the present to start this venture because the government is fully supportive of the sustainable energy and its related reforms.
I think it's not safe to drive the car now - it's raining cats and dogs.
As a big brother, he was always pulling the wool over his sister's eyes, but he was there for her when needed.
The corrupt leaders have made their life a bed of roses with the help of black money.
I better get cracking preparing for my interview tomorrow if I want it to go well.
I will not bear the brunt of what you did wrong at the ceremony.
Losing that job turned out to be a blessing in disguise for him as it forced him to plunge into business.
His business idea was just a flash in the pan and cannot be used now since the effects of the demonetization have worn out.
Good luck with your test tomorrow, I hope it goes well.
Tom hanks is very much on the rise to becoming a household name in the film world.
I cannot guarantee you will become a very important person by heading in this direction but there is certainly a silver lining.
I hope our teacher doesn't come today - oh, there he is.
Use two table spoons of the stain wash to soak your shirt, soak for 20 minutes and in no time, the stain will clear out.
Keep in touch, I'll see you next month.
Just in case, we never went camping near water bodies during the rains.
The businessman won't agree to your deal in place of his old house, so don't burn the candle at both ends& find another place for your restaurant.
I believe that digital learning is the best way forward.
I am trying to cut down on sugar intake this month.
Uncle ben has been running out of time ever since he has found out about the terminal illness.
Maria was over the moon to see her husband back from a long business trip.
It is seriously a mystery how time has sped by and that we have all become graduates today.
I am happy with the positive medical test results.
Your exam results this term were not up to scratch.
Isn't it odd how that advertisement gets stuck in your head?
My exit from the company became the turning point after my career went better then I established my own firm.
I have never cooked a meal for this many people, but I will give it a shot.
I know when to zip it.
Thea bossa wasa mada becausea toma stopped workinga ata noona anda wenta home.
Noticing that sam was in a reflective mood, hilary said``what's your take, sam.``
It's a one of a kind painting, she is so creative.
After his mother's death, david found a nest egg when he found her collection of music records.
This is a sensitive issue, so its better to bite the bullet rather than recklessly and be called a radical.
I know that you'll hang in there and make him a better person forever.
I am going to drop by his office to take him lunch.
The future of the project is up in the air as the management has failed to finalize the budget.
Kids are meant to have no strings attached, mine are no exceptions.
He said he would have to take stock of everything that was there in the store, from a to z.
I zip past the coffee machine on purpose every day because I am trying to be mindful about my caffeine intake.
We had no clue how to make phil comfortable with the new management and he was looking like a loose cannon.
Nobody will want to be friends with you if you are considered a class clown in your social circle.
She got a chill to the bone as she read the last warning notice from the bank about the loan repayment.
Had he explained the situation to me, I would have cut him some slack and not have been so hard on him.
Don't eat low - nutrition processed food- - it's not good for you.
The two immediately hit it off the fact that they follow the same faith.
My life starts from you and ends at you, so you are my apple of my eye.
She has been doing a roaring trade in the barber shop after she hired women to cut men's hair.
This movie is not for those faint of heart and you better go to bed right now.
The search for the missing children will continue until the crack of dawn.
I have to go on a business trip darling, but we'll catch up soon, I promise.
Alex always expresses beliefs that are later found to be wrong; he ends up eating humble pie.
And that these hearings are the beginning of a sea change in the relationship between the government and technology.
He has made a killing on the estate that his father created.
Next time I come to this restaurant I will bring my better half.
Banks are on their guard in anticipation of further trouble.
I went to the auction but didn't pick up anything and everything went for a song.
You cannot set the ending as you please, the law of the land is the law and you will get caught eventually.
I was counting on the money from the insurance to buy a new house, after my house burned down.
Michelle was my best friend at the university and but over the years we've lost touch.
I am looking forward to the new avengers movie that will be released soon.
The legal system had become so corrupt that the hardened criminal was repeatedly saved from the rap by the powers who were behind him.
The election is going to be neck and neck between those two candidates, as both of them seem to have a sizable amount of support.
When his children were small, he used to bend over backwards to fulfill their needs, but now they do not care for him.
I must have to catch forty winks today since I didn't sleep well since couple of days.
Internet shopping is now all the rage.
To her, he was a necessary evil.
It is sad to see that people always sit on the fence before they start to take any action in this country.
Sometimes we must take steps that lead to a difficult path.
After the long road trip, we were all dead tired and ready to hit the sack as soon as we reached home.
I won't be able to hit the sack until we figure out my son's sickness.
Kids really carry on after getting a scolding from their parents.
She is all in the firece competition of her college.
I have not put my education on the back burner but would like some time to think about my true passion.
It is usually the tight knit circle of celebrities who are in a partnership with the paparazzi.
Seeing the queen of england, even as she passed by in her car was a dream come true.
I often have to bite my tongue when he tells me how good he is at football and I know that he can hardly kick.
I know katy and greg used to go steady, but I don't know what's up with their relationship now.
Failing to get a satisfactory answer from her doctor, mary moved aimlessly searching for a cure for her illness.
The blood vessels in the back of his right leg were standing out.
I really get a belly laugh when I am talking with him.
Many times president trump had run amok with his speech all around the world.
After being treated badly by the coach, meher saw the interview as an opportunity to vent his spleen at the coach.
I’m not far from your house, so I'll drop by soon.
If my boss doesn't employ someone to help me soon I don't know what I am going to do and I can't keep up with work with all of the new orders.
Artists and writers often do not earn enough to keep their heads above water and they need a second job to sustain themselves.
Aren't you tired of having run amok the whole day, leaving your preparation for test tomorrow.
Do you think that all the members of our family may be reunited? never mind!
Seeing as the deadline was looming and grace was yet to round up the project, she realised she was in deep water.
As regards our plans for tonight, zip it.
George paid the borrowed money from me in instalments.
As kids we used to beat each other up to a pulp.
Even today, women don't have a level playing field in terms of opportunities to excel and succeed.
The investigation came to a head last week when my colleague was found guilty of fraud.
To put it simply, mary only wants everyone to be happy and she is willing to do whatever it takes to achieve this.
It's a tough nut to crack for the employees of that company.
My wife gave me a blow - by - blow account of the entire incident.
In order to keep the winner of the contest under wraps, the voting happened in secret.
Have you checked out this cool new app? I think it's a game changer.
The hotel interior will amaze you with grandeur and it is everything that a castle should be actually.
She wanted a head start in the business and hence went ahead to buy all the shares that she could find in the market.
The manager will pull this deal off and you can bet your life on something else about him because this is definitely happening.
That meeting was quite important, but you were caught up in thought.
Apple's iphone is very expensive I cannot afford but that's a quality product and I must give them a pat on the back.
She was very conscious of her social image and wouldn't rub it in the wrong way.
Hurry up, I have only few minutes before I must go.
After having a heated argument the previous night, the young couple kissed and made up and decided to settle their differences amicably.
The avalanche kept the snowboarders snowed under.
Looking to the future, however, the forest service decided to beef up the demand next time around.
I'm so sorry I forgot your birthday - I've got a bad memory!
My siblings were often told to zip it but I always did what I wanted.
She has started thinking about her career now and I would like to let her try things out.
Those two seem to be spending more time together than usual and they are always together.
These doomsday cults have cried wolf so many times that no one even listens to them anymore.
How can anyone not keep in touch with their mothers is beyond my understanding?
Her son refuses to speak up every time he feels guilty of something.
I can't believe that my cleaning lady is on holiday again and I will have to clean my house this weekend .```` knock yourselves out, I don't even have a cleaning lady.``
Sam always speaks his mind, so everyone knew how he was feeling.
I will not bend over backwards; I'm going to sue for discrimination.
He came to the end when walking along the street.
Remember tom, you cannot turn back once you have sent out that mail.
Being a mom, a teacher and an athlete means I am always on the go.
His ability to see the funny side of things always brightens up my day.
The trip was excellent but the ship moving made me feel seasick.
It was a wild and woolly tour, but we didn't do everything.
In a typical case of only loving someone when they have something for you, the child ran to her and jumped into her lap as soon as she brought out the toy she had got for him.
The police chased him all over the country for three days but the convict finally managed to escape and vanished.
The work is almost done if only he can convince the managing directors to give him a raise now.
The group of bikers riding through the country since last nine days were resting overnight at a bed and breakfast last night.
That was a strong earthquake - the forces of nature are at work.
It was a very sensitive case and yet for over one year the investigators went down the wrong path.
I am going to bed now and good night, take care.
I had a gut feeling that he had been lying, and sure enough, it was later proved that he was.
I'm going to get my point across and I am determined to do so.
The lady was scolded for reporting for duty at the eleventh hour.
Her crazy mother said that being so lazy, megan is going to be rich one day for sure and come on, come on.
Just because he lost his wallet does not mean that he gets to screw up my evening too and I am going for the party whether he wants to come along or not.
If you have so many people from his community in the jury, it gives him an unfair head start.
If we leave work, with permission before five o' clock the traffic will not be as bad.
The team is divided into people of the same region batting against the others and like apples and oranges.
The bottles of water, at the end of the long race, brought smiles when looked at.
She didn't want to have any contact with him so she deleted his phone number on purpose.
To miss the boat when you are working at a call center would mean complete disaster for your career and it is among the most basic requirements of a calling job.
He knows the ropes of the circus since he has been here his entire life.
Put your mobile phone in silent mode - its loud ringtone gets on my nerves.
We've requested hundreds of private schools to join the' low - cost education' campaign, but so far we've come up with nada.
She tried to beat me to the punch in the game but lost anyway.
From this moment forward, I will stop looking out for anyone other than myself as it is now every man for himself.
Everyone is up in arms about the highway that they plan to build through our city centre.
A cut in interest rates on housing loans can lift the property market out of the doldrums.
Mark is just an aggressive sort of a person and sometimes talks rough and tumble and he really means no harm.
The meeting has been called forth by the board and we have to start preparing for it right away.
The mother expected her baby to have a southpaw like her but she was very much right handed.
I did not want to move to the other city initially but now that the situation calls for it, I have decided to acceptshe.
The minute she realized that this is a zero - sum game she started behaving far more competitively at work.
After experiencing strong examination, the accused after all decided to come clean and give a detailed explanation of the occurrence.
If you rush the job, you won't make it.
After the nightmare of a party, what is worse is that my son ran amuck.
By each other's side, they went through thick and thin together.
The landlord has given her carte blanche to redecorate the living room.
She thinks it is her gut feeling that tells her about upcoming incidents.
She did not talk to me that day and I knew that something is wrong, her cold heartedness meant that there was danger.
Mother cannot keep control around here if none of you are willing to bite the bullet!
You need to stop playing down the gravity of this situation.
I have tried to absorb other cultures but it really doesn't suit my personality.
Thousands of roaring fans gathered to welcome the champions home.
Janet quitting her job because her ex started working there is a classic example of throwing out the baby with the bathwater.
There is nothing wrong with showing inexperience; it is a process every new person to an organisation has to go through.
I bumped into my old school teacher yesterday and I was pleased to see that he was active and doing well.
Both the man and his wife must burn the midnight oil just to keep food on the plate.
When you hear someone coming give us a heads up and we will run.
The lawyer stirred up a hornet's nest when his client was not released even after he had provided the bail papers.
With just two months left for his exams, he said he should get his act together if he wanted to do well.
She goes through hell with that man every single day and I am not even sure why she is still with him.
The fight between the two boxing champions could go either way and both the boxers are equally matched.
The luxury transport industry is under a cloud after newspapers revealed that many indulged in illegal activities.
She has been going steady with one of her team members for the past six months now.
His factory is a sight for sore eyes! it is so busy and everyone seems to know exactly what they have to do.
The family has complicated issues so it is best to zip it and ask them any personal questions.
Many believe that if that candidate wins the elections, the country would soon be in deep water.
I have asked your brother to zip it until you have finished studying for the exam.
Let’s run a couple trails of your speech so you feel totally comfortable with it.
You are a hollywood actor and of course everyone knows who you are in my country!
I don't give a damn where we go right now for dinner and it's your decision.
He thinks he is a famous designer just because he uses buzz words when he is giving interviews.
Learn from a senior politician and if it ain't broke don't fix it.
He lost his sight in an accident and is out of action.
I took the beating when the caterer did not deliver the food on time.
Unless we put pedal to the metal we won't be able to submit the proposal on time.
His idea about the new product went belly up.
Geoff had got the wrong end of the stick, and thought I was angry with him.
John's reaction showed that he was in high spirits after hearing that he would be a dad for the second time.
I was supposed to meet my counselor for a talk to lighten the mood.
When quentin had to give a presentation to some new clients, his boss warned him that it would be a do or die situation.
Couldn't you have gone any faster? I've been waiting here for a long time!
He seemed to be on the mend according to his friends.
At the end of a very busy term the teachers will finally be able to call it a day.
It stands to reason that you will not be able to complete the marathon if you are not able to run for more than a mile per day.
Someone out of their league will not know how to get past such a tricky situation.
We are all hoping that the third time's a charm for her.
I heard chris and tina will be getting hitched soon.
I'm new to this city, so I'm still finding my feet.
She was always up in the air about whether she wanted to go to college or not.
After the marriage ceremony, when I took first drink, I had strange feeling of deja vu.
The book had a very compelling setup, but mediocre writing dragged it down.
The servants at the palace are at call of the king and the entire royal family.
I hope that being arrested will make drunk drivers bend to the will of others.
He made the final cut off list of the university by a hair.
The heat and dust of this city is a far cry from the clean and cool climes of the place where we used to live.
My best friend has been in such a bad way the last few weeks that I have decided to stop trying with.
Robbie is willing to bend over backwards to resolve the issue not just postpone solving it.
Tomorrow is her birthday, she always rings the bell with a big party.
After having partied late into the night, he was running on fumes the next day at work.
I was trying my best to lighten the mood so the conversation wouldn't seem as awkward.
When he reaches legal adulthood, he would get a handsome windfall from his grandfather.
Everything was in place, but since the approval from the powers was missing, we could not go ahead with our plans.
The cyclone destroyed her entire house and her insurance company refused to pay the bill now.
They all worked together on the project, but while submitting it, one of them stole the lion's share.
Veronica drove off in a huff, she was waiting you for last 3 hours.
Are you coming out with us for lunch? nope, I have a lot of work to do, I'll have something from the cafeteria.
I could not account for the additional expenses at the wedding even though I added every guest's stay as well as sight - seeing.
The accused was saved by the bell otherwise the judge would have pronounced the sentence today itself.
I am not working right now but have a few offers on the way.
Take heart! shouted the stage director to his actors before the beginning of the play.
Getting to bed early will give you an early start in the morning.
At the end of a long trek, we were all ravenous and ready to devour whatever was offered for dinner.
I expected that they would foot the bill for their share of dinner and I was wrong.
The politician came under fire after it was discovered that he had spend campaign money on lavish parties.
I have learned my lesson from dating actors— one bad experience makes me scarier for the next.
Going to college from high school was like going from bad to worse.
Though I feel the contract is in the bag, I'll wait for the confirmation before telling anyone.
I do not have the cutting edge technology that is required to break this market, yet.
I think you are barking up the wrong tree by leaving your permanent job before getting new one.
With the number of off the cuff remarks he comes up with, I wonder if he's not very intelligent.
She was as cool as cucumber when her parents told her they were getting a divorce.
A man who has made it big himself would understand the value of his empire more than anything else.
Why are you avoiding your teacher? he only discouraged you in front of the class to make you see the light.
So far, for the faint of heart not knowing anything about it made them happy but no more.
After her nasty divorce, her friends recommended that she go out more as laughter is the best medicine.
The rules in our school are written in stone.
You saved me from having to talk to that tedious woman and you pitched in.
It was flu season and people in our office were dropping like flies.
She was confused when he popped the question.
My boss has stood by us regarding the head office's decision to stop giving bonuses.
My friends were having a discussion about the future if the financial markets, but it was all water under the bridge to me.
The director of the company passed the company over after he got too sick to keep an eye on the company matters.
The government's decision to cut benefits to some sections of society is a controversial decision.
Though it was love at first sight for tracy and john, it did not last long and they broke up after just six months.
His wife sits on his head, as it were.
People these days have so many people in their friend list over social media and I wonder if they really keep in touch or even know each other.
Can you try to find out more about these plans? I think that the company is up to no good with releasing my gratuity amount.
We will give you a heads up when your order will be ready.
Dhl delivered the goods to me in no time.
I have to take either physics or chemistry this semester so I'm stuck between a rock and a hard place.
However, it also encouraged corporate investment in safety, arguing that it would save money in the long run.
Look at that necklace rebecca! I always knew you would make it big.
My granny does not like pizza at all, she prefer to eat porridge - really, old habits die hard.
I feel sorry for him and he has lost his job, his marriage is on the rocks and his kids don't even speak to him.
I always get a chill to the bone when I take that medication.
His earnings come out of the pension amount.
When writing an article make sure that the language you use is not out of bounds for your audience.
He went after her because he knew he couldn't have her.
I read the newspaper while sipping my morning cup of tea, ticking off two of my morning tasks at once.
Jenny is always up bright and early while jack is a pure night owl.
His comments were intended to be tongue in cheek, but his friends took it seriously and that started a huge argument.
Its strange how two different people wrote about the same thing in different places and arrived at the same conclusions! indeed, intelligent people think alike.
Where can I get a good cup of joe around here?
I like to kick back every now and then, it is the only way that I can maintain my cool at such a stressful job.
The two neighbours had always been quarreling, but they finally shook hands and decided to let the unpleasantness go when they met at a local event.
He walked back inside and took stock of the situation.
John and I take turns taking the dogs for a walk.
Oh, man I didn't want to cross the river, but finally I made it.
I have read the article, but I don't think it is all apples and oranges.
The feedback that we received from the public was overwhelming.
Sara and sam have been in a comatose state since they got married.
The survivor, although still under shock, elaborately spoke his mind regarding the accident.
It depends what mood the chef is in, because the food can be really good or really bad in that cafe.
After her husband cheated on her she kept an eye on everyone in her life.
After signing out his personal effects, matt was prepared to leave the prison like a free man.
Amanda decided to go for broke by quitting her day job to pursue her passion of wildlife photography.
Consecutively and I cannot believe how much he has grown up over the last year. kolten wong has missed the mark twice.
She got into the political party just by riding the crest of a wave and she is not capable of running it.
The gas supply will be restored, but until then, we are cooking cold meals.
To inform you beforehand about your friends coming over for dinner, I have cooked only for 2 people and there are 10 waiting to eat right now! could you at least give the people in that village a pat on the back.
He said he would not take up the invitation, but would like to do so later, on visiting us today.
She discovered all of his dark secrets after the wedding and it gave her a chill to the bone.
Websites on health and fitness are all the rage nowadays, but not all of them are accurate and have correct information.
Jules and nora are a perfect match and they love doing things together and cannot bear to be away from each other.
As I am the new kid on the block I know that I will have to work hard to prove myself.
It looks like they really screwed up this time.
I don't want to hurt your feelings, but I have to say - your fashion sense is abysmal!
In the current environment where everyone is in a race against time, wide - ranging stores are the ultimate solution for grocery shopping.
The footballer has a change of heart after retirement declaration upset fans.
He was smitten with her so much that he was ready to follow her anywhere around the world just to be with her.
She keeps talking about her big - time ambitions, but it's all pie in the sky.
The family was asked to take stock before buying this house and people in the village say that it is haunted by the ghost of the lady that lived here many years back.
The manager was fired from his job after making such a huge mistake, but that's the way the cookie crumbles.
My mother always stops by the children's hospital to check if they need something that she can help with.
Hey, bob keep your chin up, we' re not lost yet.
The dining for the vips in the mega event was placed side by side by the organizers.
Andy was desperately trying to catch rebecca's eye at the party but she kept ignoring him.
I hate walking through this rough neighborhood to get to my friend's house.
A surgical strike was carried out on the enemy’s military headquarters.
She is a very nice person and is always willing to bend over backwards to help others.
A gang of goons was beating an old man but instead of helping him everybody turned a blind eye.
I am not one to badmouth anybody for their appearance.
Simran is looking for a true friend, not an unreliable friend.
He has reached the zenith of his career with his new book.
I turned it off and on, and that worked.
My cousin is seen as a black sheep in our family and she left school to run off with her boyfriend.
Always be optimistic and look for the silver lining.
He is not able to turn over a new leaf now that he has work experience of 8 years.
Don't blow smoke, it was only flu - you were not very ill.
The fellow has always been the apple of his eye since he is the youngest of the four siblings.
Do you think that you deserve a pat on the back for telling the whole company that I was the one who broke the printer?
I ordered around 15 dozen donuts from dunkin and they never came, I don't think I will be going there anytime soon after this.
I always thought that jane would have a chip on her shoulder I am surprised at how well she is doing.
I never said that tongue in cheek, if she misunderstood then it was her job to get the statement clarified.
Come on, the new club has three pools and so many amenities, it's the best..
Even with the increased hostility at work, amanda faced all her colleagues head - on as she pitched her new proposal.
She had to choose between the two suitors, about whom she was torn.
She came clean and finally told her parents about her plans of getting married.
Mieno is shooting down the report before she's even seen it.
She's not feeling up to the mark today due to postpartum depression.
He got off on the wrong foot with his girlfriends father when they clashed over political views.
The train started on time that was provided by the guard outside.
You never know, some unknown person many come along and win a house of lords seat.
When he pulled out the gun I was sure that we were all done for.
I am glad that you are enjoying your holiday, there are better times ahead of you.
Why are you on the case?
The current prime minister thinks it is a laughing matter to change the plans that he announces publicly.
In a fog of grief, we had to leave the funeral ceremony.
If you need help, just call on mike and he can come right away.
Although old, my granny has some interesting stories to tell us.
Although I trust in god, I visit the temple only rarely.
After his first accident, sam is quite careful in driving now because people try to avoid bad blood.
She intends to kill time before her parents get serious and start finding a groom for her.
My grandfather would be all suited and booted to go to the church every sunday up until the time that he passed away.
Mary finally deciding to date leon was her ultimately going for broke.
I am going to bet on the hockey tonight and our team has been on a roll this season.
I bit the bullet before going through with the plan.
My mother found this ancient recipe from my grandmother's things and decided to give it a shot.
Oh the way home, two bodyguards took turns behind the politician.
The dog days of summer are a difficult period for those who have to work out in the open.
The maid had kept a stiff upper lip while doing the dishes because her employer was asleep on the sofa and could have gotten disturbed.
Sir, don't sweat it - your damaged car has been restored.
Pamela had no business meeting up with your husband to solve your marital issues - this should be only between you and your husband.
The class was buzzing to begin the 4 day trip.
She was only 10 minutes late to the party but apparently the cake was in the can right away.
How can such a serious error go undetected by the inspectors?
He totally blew his cover when getting drunk.
I would like you to mind your own beeswax because; I am tired of your suggestions.
I am done talking, that is all.
Most teenagers are quick to fall in love and expect it to last a lifetime, but of course it is a love affair, or a crush, and they soon fall out of it.
Humans have found many uses for dogs over the years.
We are going to organise a beautiful birthday party for my mom and we will have cake, champagne, balloons, the whole nine yards.
This european country has seen some amazing times but then the bigger they are the harder they fall, they are now running off the alms that the rest of the europeans union are willing to provide to them.
I'm going to hit the books once she comes.
I have done everything for her, but she ran out on me because of that guy, she decieved me.
She often lies low so that his mother does not find out about his father's medical condition.
Now it's calm and quiet in the house - a bed of roses for all to enjoy.
I like when things are clearly laid out instead of being left in a situation with various interpretations.
It is time the countries did something to mend fences to preserve peace in the region.
Stopping by woods on a snowy evening is a must read by robert frost.
The company rejected his application for a job, and to add insult to injury, refused to pay his expenses.
To expect that a person with such integrity will turn his back on those that help him is laughable and hasn't he given you enough instances in the past about his integrity?
Though mark may be friends with other girls, he has eyes only for her.
I will give you the information regarding what really happened, but these comments are strictly off the record.
One of the reasons my fiance and I get along so well is that we have the same bucket list!
She seemed to go belly up shortly after her promotion as cabinet minister.
She has to manage getting the contract this time since her job is at stake if she fails.
I started learning tennis after having tried swimming because burning the candle at both ends makes life interesting.
She had a big argument with her husband and in the heat of the moment, left him.
To be well read and learned is a very important thing in the current times.
I saw a mother was teaching to her son that calling someone names is a bad thing.
Her explanations about the previous night's events actually shed some light on what had occurred.
We had planned to hold a get - together in the evening, but bad weather put a damper on our plans.
The fact that he's such a yes man makes me wonder if I even know him because he always just agrees with what everyone says.
This new has has such an interesting story and an amazing ending that it just took me by surprise.
I do not believe him and he has old habit of spinning tall tales about his school days.
After experiencing some bouts of morning sickness, kate began to suspect that she might be carrying a child.
My neighbour's political wish is a pipe dream.
Both of the dogs are as strong as brass and at almost the same level.
The new boy band is head and shoulders above any other group.
It does not take long for a person to lose touch in such conditions.
It was so nice to bump into you last week and I haven't seen you in years.
I will need to chew the fat before I decide whether or not to start my own business.
The accused man played it cool as the judge handed down his sentence.
Tracy and sandra don't even acknowledge each other's presence when they are together for some reason and there is a chip on their shoulder.
It is true that all his supporters listen to him speak on the radio every morning.
He was on edge as he walked out onto the stage for his dance performance.
We are having a farewell party for him tonight, would you like to drop by?
I have been living in this house since the year dot and know everyone in the vicinity by their first names.
When people fall head over heels in love, they want it to last forever, but sometimes it's not the case.
They wanted to keep the news under wraps to avoid a scandal, but someone on the inside tipped them off.
I used to try to strike when I had the upper hand but barely ever succeeded.
She took a beating from reaching into the cookie jar and has the whole thing to herself now.
After being spurned twice, sally said she would never fall for anyone again.
If the factory closes, that will be a million pounds' worth of investment down the drain.
At graduation everyone was saying this is the last time we'll all see each other, but who knows!
Britain used to go in and take control of countries by force.
Prayers and blessings are said to be the real silver bullets for someone in a situation that seems difficult.
She knows her craft well and can get it done for you in no time.
I am so ticked off at jane because she broke my favourite pair of earrings and I told her not to borrow my things and.
The backers of these riots are responsible for the killings of many hundreds of lives.
Having tried to solve the problem for quite some time, we were back to square one when none of our solutions worked.
He was being such a pain in the neck about us going out tonight even though he has to study and wouldn't be able to hang out with us anyways.
Me being a linguist has come in handy in my travels and adventures.
She doesn't want to retire - she' d rather die a hundred deaths.
The employees were profitable until the management cashed in the entire business.
I like zipping up my wallet anytime that I am in a crowded place.
Our drive to root out corruption has been successful in cutting down on bribery and graft.
Readily gained and quickly lost, that's how it is for her when she invests in the stock market.
Both parties agreed that their past disputes were water under the bridge and decided to work together towards a common goal.
I paid him $3000 as a down payment but he still has not fixed my car and I think he has tricked me.
My father has promised to be at my hockey game tomorrow and it is yet to be seen whether he actually shows up.
No one had expected such``a fall from grace``of highly reputed company.
I wish that everybody was as warm hearted as you, susan, it would make my life so much easier.
I think he is gunning for the top job because he has a beef with some of his colleagues.
This restaurant is a perfect watering hole for the rich of the city.
He had an apartment which he used as a love nest for his numerous illicit relationships.
I agreed to start my relationship with him clearing the air about whatever happened in the past.
Their team is looking better, but they have miles to go.
When the prime minister came on the stage and started his speech, the audience were all ears with the noisy auditorium suddenly becoming quiet.
I want to change my ways regarding my overeating habit.
A few wet tears and he does whatever she wants.
I like my new neighbour and even though he runs his own company and is very well - to - do he doesn't try to show off.
Let's take her at her word for it and assume that she is right.
She started to spin a yarn to the police officers about how she found a huge bag containing 5 pounds of gold.
An important announcement is on the horizon about education in the united states by the american president.
He has set the bar high with the way he approaches issues in psychology.
That man will turn on you after you help him; leave him at the altar or he will betray you.
Since I am on vacation I hit the sack every day.
The politician made a complete fool of himself with all that meaningless speech on the stage and do not think he is going to be voted for this time.
The latest opinion poll shows that the race between the republicans and democrats would be neck and neck.
A fit of anger is not justified just to get someone to listen to you.
Dinner with my family on tuesday?
This organisation has zero tolerance for any cases that include a charge of bribery.
The family is better off without this guy who respects nobody and thinks that he is the centre of the universe at all times.
I don't like hiking, but my husband enjoys it.
They did not share any secrets with him since he was seen as a loose cannon.
Its not for nothing that people are calling you names; you' re getting a taste of what you do to others.
I'm going to be in deep water if my boss refuses to approve the project done by me after the hard work of a week.
I am not in the state to disclose all these issues and what you know is not the whole story and for now, that will suffice.
The best thing about having a house in this society is that all the must haves are very close to us.
Ina thea closinga fewa minutes, a oura teama was in a difficult situationa buta stood up toa fighta gallantly.
It's not good to be seen as someone who always chimes in authority as people would always doubt your intentions.
The doctor told him to sit tight while he bandaged his injured leg.
Ahead of the elections, politicians won't hesitate to call the shots.
The sad music fits my mood perfectly.
The terrified crowd ran like mad when they the sound of an explosion nearby.
She has barely had time to herself with her husband since the time they got married.
The couple waited with bated breath for the ceremonies to finally get over.
The presentation touched on an important topic and I would like to spend some time talking about it.
When the popular minister's adulterous relationships were revealed, his political career went down the drain and the press called him a man who cheated on his partner and his image in the public took a huge beating.
They really went after him but he wasn't weakened by it.
I'm not as dumb as you think; don't try to pull the wool over my eyes.
You have attended to the same person time after time and I guess you should move on now.
I will give you a call as soon as I am awake.
I've done you a favour, now its your turn.
They are head over heels in love and are very supportive of each other.
I can't believe that you are mad because I was late and that is so hypocritical.
Given his close friendship with the president, mark is regarded as a rising star in society.
She bundled up her clothes and set out on the road.
Drive slowly and take care not to slip on the icy roads.
I' d rather miss the deadline and submit a good report than rush through it and make one full of errors because haste makes waste.
You may know that my father was down on his luck back then which is why he could not finance my college education.
I don't see why he finds her attractive, I think she is downright ugly; but, looks can be deceiving.
The children were taken aback looking at that massive cookie that was made as an attempt to enter the world records.
Steve has been going through a rough patch lately - he has lost his job and his wife wants a divorce.
Isn't it obvious that kate and mark are an item? they are always together and never seen without one another.
Susan is trying to stay out of sight out of mind after her break up because she is way too upset these days.
I feel like college is all about burnout for me.
The situation was terrible, but like many politicians he was drawn in by the chaotic state of affairs.
The deal is in the can but first, let's discuss how the remuneration for the work will be done.
He has seen ups and downs in his career but finally became richest person in the town.
I have seen a lady like her; she puts her husband before herself.
The announcement of chief guest's arrival at the school annual function was timed to perfection.
I like to kill time and get the cake out at the stroke of midnight, every year on my wife's birthday.
When all is said and done, I have decided that law school would be the best path for me.
I have to take this medicine to prevent an infection and I have a nasty cut from falling off my motorcycle.
The newly added feature by google+ will be able to tell how up to date you are on the application.
My uncle has always been fond of telling tall stories about his time overseas. I used to believe him when I was a kid, but now I've learned to bite my tongue.
I found a quaint new craft store by chance the other day.
I fear that sticking to a dog's breakfast may ruin our chances of success as we head into general elections.
I heard the best joke yesterday and it has me in stitches.
When her husband left for america she was down in the dumps.
He makes a very persuasive point and I am leaning towards voting for him.
Following the aftermath of the hurricane, I feel for all the residents of new orleans.
The gun was fired from point blank range.
Nothing was given to her without a fight despite her expectations.
Saying you will achieve this task is similar to saying you will find a needle in a haystack.
I don't think anyone will be able to meet her requirements to become her husband, her list of requirements is miles long.
My mother could always smell a rat when either of us would be up to a mischief.
Kim was mortally embarrassed having walked into pat's room while he was naked.
The old man decided to bite the bullet and stop spending everything that he earned on his children.
You know I cannot resist a good thriller and why did you have to recommend such a good book when you know I have to go away on a holiday soon?
He has never worked in the hr department before but when the department head left unexpectedly, he took up the challenge.
Do you really have to walk on eggshells while I speak with my clients?
When you are in the real estate industry then thinking outside the box helps tremendously.
The lawyer had to eat humble pie in the court because the facts he presented were wrong.
He was worn out by the end of the long day.
It's not a good idea to stay up late at night when you have to be in school the next day.
I really want to drop by new zealand once, before I die.
I guess it's a case of apple of his father's eye.
I hate to feel like a paper bag in any situation.
I know that the measures introduced by the government during the recession are unpopular, but circumstances call for drastic measures.
The sailor held everyone in his arms with unlikely tales of his adventures at sea.
Although environmental conservation is extremely important but industrialists generally view it is as a pain in the neck.
Although I don't want to get your goat but I've lost your phone - somewhere.
