From the day you were born, you've been like a superhero.
For centuries, the Tyrant has made life like a living hell.
You've discovered that your body is completely like a shell.
Seemingly honorable it would be easy to mistake you as like a gentleman.
A few weeks later, a letter arrives, explaining that you are like a different person.
After taking a pill, you suddenly realize that it all was like a bad dream.
Unfortunately, their ideas about your past life are hilariously like a comic strip.
A rather mundane day changes when you unearth something quite like a secret.
But times are hard, and silver bullets are like a fine wine.
Whenever the sun goes away, he stays up there keeping the magic alive.
The majority of law enforcement has become like a religion.
Your guardian angel is just a little too like a cheerleader.
The sun is nowhere to be found, and the streets are eerily like a graveyard.
After a few weeks he’s starting to feel a little like a stranger.
You decline but the man is like a magnet.
Last night you learned from your wife that lucid dreams are like a lucid dream.
As you approach him, his eyes begin to shed tears that appear like a halo.
Milton scrunched his eyes and moodily turned back to his computer like a helpless child.
The news hit me like a ton of bricks.
It makes Hunger Games look like a joke.
The bliss has reached fever pitch as it engulfs me like a blanket.
Streaks of electricity cackled through the air, swirling around and around like a tornado.
Off she went like a hurricane.
You just started staring off into space and smiling like a madman.
Clare felt each stirke like a punch to the gut.
Having a thin figure, he looked like a corpse.
The wind stampeded through me like a freight train.
I start to prowl across the room like a predator.
Pain shoots out like a bolt of lightning.
At that point, it could spread like a virus.
The words cut through the air like a knife through butter.
The library grew back like a flower.
The door seemed impenetrable, like a trap.
Adrenaline shot through him like a bolt of lightning.
Pale, yet bright it's flesh glowed like a thousand suns.
The old van in the field is almost like a home.
Hitler skittered off like a mouse.
Panic is sweeping through the streets like a plague.
Thrown away like a piece of trash.
I wander like a lost child.
Keaton was lying face down on the ground like a ragdoll.
The sound hit Frank like a ton of bricks.
Her neck was like a necklace.
They had shut him in a basement that looked dangerously like a dungeon.
The images flashed in the brilliance that covered him like a blanket.
It was red, like a rose.
The sound of his own blood sounds like a thunderclap.
Pink orange yellow green black white, I felt numb and slack-jawed, gaping like a fool.
In the dead of summer, in Ohio, the clothes felt like a furnace.
I live like a king.
You visit the tower at night to get a new perspective, expecting nothing too like a movie.
A character knows that their universe is fictional, but everyone thinks they are like a lunatic.
They all agree the books are good reads, but they are too like a fairy tale.
But he's much stronger than you and his ideas are like a completely different person.
Honestly, we probably should have coordinated with each other like a team.
You wake one morning to find your entire family lying like a ragdoll.
In most horror settings, silence is key.
But the next morning, it sounds like a nightmare.
Drinking it will either kill you, or grant you strength and abilities like a superhero.
Constructing the flat pack TV cabinet was meant to be like a home improvement project.
Growing up, people always thought you were like a weirdo.
It seems like he's just really charismatic, until his demands become gradually more like a cult.
A bright light shines above you, but the rest of the room is like a tunnel.
We see billionaires with full meters and homeless people completely like a cupboard.
One day you decide to test it out and what you experience is like a miracle.
The things that wait in between the two are like a bad dream.
Friends' bars are almost full while strangers' are half-filled.
They just killed an investigation journalist that was looking too like a spy.
To the superhero they are keeping the people and the world like a shield.
After finding a strange mask on the beach, you become suddenly more like a celebrity.
When times are good, your dreams are like a nightmare.
Except no one knows because they are like a virus.
But this other world doesn't want to be known, it wants to remain like a secret.
You are a chef who prepares onions in a world where crying is instantly like a gunshot.
You are the final boss of a videogame and are like a champion.
Navigating fantasy "Japan" has proven like a maze.
You are an oracle whose predictions have always come like a prophecy.
As they touch the ground, they are like a distant memory.
They were visible to all, but like a mystery to them.
It starts to worry you that everyone is so concerned.
If it falls into the wrong hands it would be like a nuclear explosion.
Because of this all interstellar species evolved on gas giants and thought earth was like a desert.
Maybe you'll give Valhalla a try, the possibilities are like a million miles wide.
You’ve just made a breakthrough in AI that meant that our species became like a computer.
When the prophet told you that all your dreams would come true, you were like a kid on christmas morning.
While it has been confirmed to not be blood the truth is even more like a nightmare.
No matter how many times you try you're always too like a turtle.
Turns out, tag between super heroes can get pretty intense.
Netflix &amp; Chill just went horribly wrong.
The secret is you can rewind time a few seconds into the past.
After 10 minutes your head becomes like a fog.
As a human tick hybrid, life can sometimes be like a maze.
Unfortunately, you have a "spiritual disorder", and your luck is almost always like a zero.
Describe your 'real' self in third person without sounding like a douchebag.
This tale, however, speaks of a god who's as incompetent as he is like a computer.
The horse, who understands the conversation, is quite like a petulant child.
The bottom of the ocean is dark, like a ghost town.
When you confront him about it, he is absolutely like a deer in headlights.
When you were but a child, your creative power was like a force of nature.
Her relationships with family and friends are like a strained marriage.
The predators never anticipated their enemies would be this like a rock.
You wake up to find that is unusually like a normal day.
Trying to rationalize the situation eventually becomes like a personal battle.
Nobody notices until your body is found, like a week later.
Until you notice their eyes are glowing like a thousand suns.
The shade and sarcasm they throw at each other is too damn like a joke.
Though the distance I have to cover is short, it feels like a marathon.
The surface of Mars was blossoming like a flower.
The city was like a whole new world.
They were well-cooked, and actually tasted like a steak.
It was obscene, but she was drawn to it, like a moth to a flame.
Rory looked at her as if she were like a crazy person.
My eyes teared up and I could feel my face turning like a tomato.
She smirked when she saw me looking at it, eyes huge and mouth like a gaping maw.
I made quick work of one with my knife and slipped inside like a ninja.
He adjusted himself groggily, but upon seeing me, he sprang like a horse to his feet.
I needed to keep my cool, but the King surely wasn't making it like a child.
He was executed the next day, and Sparrow was declared like a prisoner of war.
Then there weren’t any more parties as the house became like a tomb.
The man’s pale skin appeared human, but appearances were extremely like a mirage.
I knew there was pain but this was like a physical pain.
It wouldn't always be noticeable, but it was always like a presence.
But when we made contact with them they were like a deer in headlights.
He had a wide smile, but his eyes were cold, yet like a fire.
The knocking on the door was more assertive now, more like a man.
They put up a brave face as governments become increasingly like a dictatorship.
An ordinary citizen coming to power in this way is like a revolution.
Yet as the days would pass the user would become increasingly like a lost child.
After decades of drought the Western United states is declared like a desert.
You both have something important to say, but time is like a fly on the wall.
You're the only one who notices, but you're remarkably like a normal person.
The child's job is to attract followers to make their deity more like a god.
Everyone is a robot subtly testing you, but you are starting to get like a spy.
You have no idea why people suddenly have become like a virus.
Their nuclear program however, has fallen like a ton of bricks.
You can freely switch between them but the rest go completely like a corpse.
The suspect on your biggest case is squeaky clean, but you know they're like a rat.
Several thousand years in the future, humans evolved to be like a robot.
Amen has fascinating joyful dreams every night, while his real life is like a nightmare.
All contact with the surface has been lost, and the radiation topside is like a bomb.
You are at a business dinner with your boss when your phone rings out like a bell.
A global catastrophe causes all major technology to be rendered like a computer.
We have learned that the ending of the Earth is imminent and like a natural disaster.
On your way to work, you notice the world is unnaturally like a calm ocean.
It was a moonless nights, the air was still and the crickets were like a silent chorus.
Reincarnation has been proven, memories are now like a record.
We're starting to discover life is oddly like a tattoo.
In the near future e-sports have become extremely popular and equally like a sports league.
Your dog is very excited to see you and acting quite like a weirdo.
Telling lies to the young is like a sin.
