That joke is so old, I can't even find the original.
Insolent boy, I'll break every bone in your body!
I would give my possessions for a coffee.
I'll tell you a tale of the infinite blue that is the ocean.
After watching the movie, I wanted to put the villain through the wall into the next planet.
The noise was so great, that it could be heard from miles.
That is the best music I hear.
The buyer has to be armed to the teeth.
We've been dealing with it for months.
I would buy it, if it did not cost an arm and a leg!
It is as easy as a tap on the wrist to pass that test!
And soon I'll be as famous as god.
Old mr. smith has been teaching here since the stone age.
Set a beggar on horseback, and he will ride to the ends of the earth.
Nothing is impossible!
A day was really just too much.
She'll erupt when she finds out that her brother left.
It would be impossible to beat level six.
A sixth sense is needed when bringing a message to a hostile audience.
Living with apprehensive parents is a prison.
A man can have a belly you could house a commercial aircraft in.
We live by ourselves in everyday life.
Jason would rather french kiss a rattlesnake than pull out.
It was said that he had read so many books that his head was spinning.
All these parties break my bank.
Tiny snowflakes began to fall from the heavens.
See, my dear, a pair of high heels is indispensable these days.
The joke was just epic.
I am sure the spider was about to leap off the wall, latch onto my leg and bite me to death.
Not too far away is a chicken empire.
The girl is irrelevant.
You could see she was about to pass out from fright.
I'll see him turn into a tomato!
The style is the man.
The contortionist was as flexible as a spring.
Being in debt makes me sick to my stomach.
Masses of garbage reached so high that the roof caved in.
You are not a fully-grown man, you are a clown.
This drink gives you wings.
Remember, quasimodo they're gypsies. they'll rape and pillage us.
My lover's arms are made of fire.
The taste is perfect.
The veteran proclaimed he had iron legs.
Being led around aimlessly felt like a chore.
I don't like to see you eating pineapple pizza. it breaks my italian heart.
Books are food for avid readers.
A million questions were asked to us.
His eyes were pure black.
Wow, I'm out of the world today.
I know this place like the back of my hand.
He could wreck the future of the party.
I can see you’ re a fish out of water.
It was unpleasant seeing her in those cheap shabby clothes.
Daisy buchanan is gatsby's golden ticket that he fails to possess.
I savor my green tea fix each morning!
You're sweeter than honey.
His charisma magnetized us.
When you get emotional, your brain literally turns off.
Parents' affection is cosmic.
I can smell pizza from a mile away.
I do not work without coffee: it is my daily drug.
The resources are pitifully small.
She had a graceful radiance about her.
The title alone is worth its weight in gold.
The president said that the well-being of citizens is his north star.
Your judgement at this point is so garbage even your hairline is running away.
The minister told the guests that the couple's friendship was sweeter than honey.
I swear you have doubled in size since I saw you last month.
Weight training is ridiculously good for you.
His studded jacket is unthinkably tight on his body.
They go about like siamese twins.
They were probably hoping to hang me out to dry in front of the people.
Guess you've run out of ideas.
One winter was colder than the arctic.
So much snow that it's like walking on a cloudless day.
To some, ai is beginning to build castles in the air.
She is only a slave, acting on the directives of her friends.
Many people say that my father is still a toddler.
I've seen this movie a thousand times.
It's a dark time.
It is a truth universally acknowledged that a single man in possession of a castle must be in want of a wife.
Christmas will take forever to come.
She felt a kaleidoscope of emotions.
He used to teach there and was mobbed by all the pupils.
That lawyer's words are bullets.
The taste of kellogg's frosted flakes fires up your wildest instincts.
Art is my drug.
This is more than a friendship.
It drives me up the wall when you only drink half of the soda.
And there, before you, is the grand barbeque.
Come on, I can keep a secret.
Seeing my best friend again would mean the world to me.
After workout I feel like I'm ten times stronger.
We used to have as little independence as a flock of sheep.
His mother is a wrecking ball and is all but protective of him.
That man corrupts whatsoever he has contact with.
These flowers are absurdly awesome!
And it tastes like heaven.
I love you with all my heart.
I will make it impossible for you to meet him.
This policy will be a land mine for the country.
My hair is poker-straight.
Your body is a wonderland.
Sometimes ignorance is bliss.
I tasted an explosion of flavour.
Your speech evokes a thousand sympathies.
This restaurant epitomizes the neighborhood which is home to millions of hipsters!
This blog is my sanctuary, where my innermost secrets are shared.
He's the worst person on earth.
It's pitch black in the room.
They were laughing to death.
You did something unthinkable, boy.
Daisy was a piece of work.
These are proofs of how stupid the human race is.
When everyone went home for holidays, the campus became a graveyard.
You're being stalked by a person who drains your spirit.
It's impossible for me to get into the army.
It's time to stop living in such a passive manner.
I lost my sense of humor a long time ago.
Be silent as a ninja.
Run, we have no time.
You've made me the happiest man alive, rita.
I just got hit by a tidal wave of cramps.
He saw the fire in her eyes.
She can get exactly what she came for.
I swear he'd give his life for a whiff of it!
That artist is a whisper, she rarely speaks.
Forget knocking it out of the park, frank can knock a baseball to a faraway pole.
We must obey my mother's whims! we bend to her will!
This is a steal!
The town I grew up in was isolated and backward in time.
He drank a tanker of milk in no time.
This musician is an expert at playing guitar.
I do not breathe without you.
Being out of fashion is the worst.
You don't ever listen to me.
I thought we had a deal but you stabbed me in the back.
I love your new haircut!
His bark breaks the sound barrier.
I felt my ribs break while laughing.
My tongue is so rough, I can’t even write this title.
And your father and I worked on those plans together for months and months.
He's light like a feather.
I'm quite imperturbable, even a caveman can't rock me.
When my dog waves his tail rotates faster than the speed of light.
The poetry will spring up like a mountain in the distance.
We picked up a bottle once on a trip and were floored.
It is exceedingly difficult to love and be wise.
Given its advanced technologies, this car is more a marvel of engineering than a regular car.
People literally listen to what you say.
