How can you lose interest on such an important project? this could be the biggest thing on your resume.
I used to odd jobs when I was in high school to earn money for college.
It would be good if you stop being undecided and choose whose side you are on.
This woman is very rich and can well afford to compensate you.
In the race for the presidency, the democratic candidate was far ahead of the republican candidate.
It is very inspiring to see young people going after the careers of their choice with so much enthusiasm and ambition.
I felt happy and popular after that weekend.
All the artists in their initial phase of career were financially struggling.
I couldn't sleep well last night, so am unfocused today.
The police worked very hard all day long to reduce the rampage of the advancing protestors.
Police officers go above and beyond what is expected of them in order to keep our streets safe.
It is not easy to undo such a decision so you better not take it if you are indecisive.
On the other hand, maybe we should have explored policy alternatives.
I got him to talk about the vacation that I have been planning for months by showing him the itinerary.
The stock market has given me good returns and helped me save money for my retirement.
The footballer slipped and tore his ligament and was told that he would have to be unable to play for the rest of the season.
Jason repaired his relationship with his mother by replacing the teapot that he had broken earlier.
How do I tell mary that her baby has died?
The sight was so dreadful that it has made me very afraid and I will never step in that street again.
I am sorry that you missed john, he will be back soon, he has just left for some milk.
We were all nervous as we waited for the surgeon's report.
Throughout the funeral of her parents, mary kept quiet.
Every woman wants to be married to a man that can make money.
Her daughter seems like she could not hurt anything but she is not so in reality.
He was trying to hold me down, that molester and that's when I got him off balance and punched him right in the nose.
His inability to procure funding for his trial has really delayed his trial.
I like my fruits to be better than the rest and always go with the highest organic brands.
I am expecting a promotion and a big pay hike this year, let's hope.
The players were delighted after overcoming a tough opponent to win the championship.
To make him into a good citizen of the country is quite a challenging task since he is full of hatred.
You must be in a very bad situation if you think that it will rain at the time of such hot summers.
Initially, I was not interested to meet the parents of my girl friend, but after last night's dinner treat I found them very nice and friendly couple.
She liked her youngest brother and was always fighting for him, even if it was his fault.
My friend and his fiancee are getting married next month and then they are going for a month long honeymoon to some exotic location.
Can you speak up because those at the back can not hear you?
The grocer is a repeat customer, he will not give you a single penny of discount.
My sister is very spoilt and when she doesn't get her way, she goes into a tantrum.
There are a lot of things that need to be completed for our project and I would suggest that we start with the easy things.
The players of that team are a bunch of clowns, but the captain shouldn't be tarred with the same brush and he is a great player.
This school prepares its students for the competitive environment from the very beginning.
Don't worry about the failure of your driving test, because the best drivers always fail the first time.
The plan is good, but I'll advocate against it so that we know what the opposition can say.
My younger daughter is obsessed with becoming a painter, that is why she is working very hard nowadays.
It is polite to say something polite like``bon appetit``or``enjoy!``before sharing a meal with others.
The opportunity to sing in the new york philharmonics was the peak of his musical career.
He always had the feeling that she was avoiding him.
I was in a difficult situation, health wise, when I had my first child.
David's marriage to ann is simply a bad decision.
Those risky investments seem crazy, but there's a reason behind them.
To write this paper was very easy.
My neighbor had applied for the post of architect in a big project, but did not meet the requirements.
She and her husband fell in love the first time they had met - at a singing competition in their neighbourhood.
I am so jealous that she gets the best of both situations.
His parents were already angry when he flunked the class and when they saw him drunk, it only increased their anger.
We will be out of here quickly.
Though many countries are democratic which means equal rights for all yet it has been seen that the upper classes get added privilege in one way or the other.
This music is much more my favorite than this new stuff.
Despite the difficult conditions, the batsman kept fighting and steered his team to victory.
The changing sands of war have taken their toll on many countries.
If you don't pay attention in class, you'll be unfocused and do badly in your exams.
It is not fair that mathew gets criticized every time something goes wrong in the school.
I am really happy with the new job and I mean that sincerely.
Dean, don't be lazy and I know you can figure this out on your own.
The marriage ended with a shock I never thought he could have an affair outside his marriage.
It is obvious that steve really loves sarah, but she told me that he has not said that he loves her yet.
The basic elements of success, in my view, come from perseverance and hard work.
Don't over - estimate the canadian wrestler it just the calm before the worst - I am sure that he will return with tremendous force and energy.
Being a boss she needed to apply the positive and negative approach effectively to discipline her junior team members.
You are working over 100 hours a week, dude, get some rest!
Everyone urged matt to keep his reputation clean by avoiding peter's company following the warrant issued for his arrest.
You look very much like your grandfather at your age.
You said that I would never finish this race and you will have to regret what you said.
He did not expect his book to do so well, the award nomination came unexpectedly for him.
Being selected as a software engineer in microsoft is a big accomplishment for me and my family.
He is looking for a new job as he does not agree with his manager.
The stereotype is that most international students are born with an advantage.
When you knew that you have come down with yellow fever then why did you not tell anyone?
The first chapter of that novel really excited me— I'm eager to read more of it tonight.
Please keep your kind suggestions to yourself and mind your own business.
I don't believe that your dog ate your homework pete and I was not born yesterday.
I felt like I had something to be proud of after I aced that exam.
I don't care how you make it but you have to come to my party.
The universal group of art is acknowledged as the best from all of the art groups of academy.
Every morning, he dusted, cleaned and wound up the old grandfather clock that he had inherited as a family heirloom and it was truly something he enjoyed doing.
Although the job does not pay very well, she is very happy there.
She decided not to take the family dispute to court as she feared it would only lead to a lot of unpleasantness in public.
Poor richard was to me as an eldest son, my favorite.
A person needs serious discipline to stop a bad habit like drinking.
The fbi headquarters operate throughout the year to keep crime rates to a minimum.
Sara had the answer ready, but couldn't think of it in time.
They are working to restart the engine.
Be patience - those who cheated you will get what they deserve one day.
My mom's narrow attitude about gender equality really annoys me.
She sings in a beautiful manner, her soft voice relaxes me.
I always tell my clients to keep calm when you are sitting in court.
The influential leader's political career came crashing down when the news broke out that he had an illegitimate child with one of his junior party members.
The audience quieted down when the speaker entered.
She is quite quiet when it comes to speaking of her family and close friends.
After having beaten the opposition comfortably, the players went to the city to celebrate their win.
Nowadays computer software and mobile applications have smaller learning requirements making them easier to use by a wide range of people.
As soon as everyone was assembled, the team got down to business and began the discussion.
Good grief! you are not going to the supermarket like that, are you? don't tell me that you are.
We had a heavy lunch today, and now I am feeling a bit ill.
The flowers are all dead.
I don't want to be confused with you.
I would like this project to continue at least if we cannot reason with the client to go any further and the employees should get their due share after having put in so much work.
I know that no man is independent.
Although I was foolish at the casino, it did not take me long to come back to my senses and not blow off all my savings.
The man has no experience in art and manages to get into trouble through the purchase of fakes instead of the originals.
And secondly, although my adoptive parents are lovely, I' d often felt unhappy.
It seems that upon further reflection I was wrong and I will have to admit my mistake.
My dog is always full of energy and can barely sit calm.
When the retiring teacher received many messages from his former students, he was happy that they still remembered him and cared to send him their wishes.
Go away, I am sick of your foolishness.
She is so lazy that she hardly able to keep up with her expenses each month.
Why do you want to go to the rumour mongers when you can get it directly from the source?
Be careful about who you talk to and avoid people you don't like.
I could see that all the girls were very envious when I came out in my new dress.
She still seems to have anger about the argument she had with her friend last week.
This question is irritating me.
Megan was so afraid of the horror movie that she denied to recognise her father on phone call without thinking.
I can never remember all of the formulas that we need to use in chemistry, so I have made a helpful list that I have laminated and put on my desk.
The katrina storm was so bad that many houses and cars collapsed in its wake.
The arrangements for the party was way over budget.
Don't think that this term's work will be easy - you'll have to study hard to get good grades.
I wish my job was an easy one, which required short work hours.
I hate it when I have to be careful around peter.
I don't like people that talk about the past, it is better to live in the present.
I've just spent a week studying with ross and finally realized that she is very unwise.
The forecasters are predicting of making a complete victory for the ruling party in the approaching election.
Although it would have been easier to fly to the destination, my uncle insisted on going by train because it would be cheaper.
Just in case you don't know, these are the signs that a predator is around somewhere.
We cannot compare sara and salina and they are different.
Edward developed a mean streak after his parents divorce.
The divers searched everywhere in the river bed but could not find his body.
The tales are interesting if you are into that kind of thing but for me it is very sad.
His failed dream of being a singer has failed.
I had to ask him to come again because he had started to speak very softly suddenly.
I understand that you cannot take a huge improvement in a day, but I implore you to try.
She decided to take up acting as a career and became the first actress of indian origin in the united states.
Leaders should be up to date on the topic they are going to give a speech on and else they will be mocked by public& lose their votes.
I will have to decline from going to the kitty party because my son is not well.
Women are usually not able to work with his wild personality we prefer him to be clean shaved and neat in appearance.
Stop being vague and tell me what you really want.
I have come to realize that passing this exam now is going to be very difficult.
Since farrokh was made redundant, we've really felt the financial burden and we can't even afford to buy the kids new shoes.
The budget was tightly controlled for around 50 percent of total departmental spending.
You can't leave it behind so please get over the obsession with this house.
My sister got the majority of the pizza.
During an award show all celebrities were invited on stage to present the star of the millennium award.
As a young girl, her father would tell her,``don't show off, but your hard work will be rewarded.``
Mike was sure he would do well at the auditions as he put finishing touches on his performance.
I tried to break the locks in order to free the trapped birds.
The team was working against the clock to finish the project on time.
Please write down the learners' names as they enter the classroom.
The children are always jumping out of their seats and running all around, they seems to be excited.
While it is true that the brave are rewarded, you also need to look before you leap.
His grandparents are set in their ways.
He went from poverty to wealth after his roadside performances were noticed by a famous movie maker and he was offered roles in his movies.
When he struck that first conversation with her, she could not refuse his proposal knowing how charming he really was!
Only those participating in the event have to come tomorrow and everyone else need not come.
It was made very clear to the salesman that we must have all the necessary equipment with the car.
A relative is a closest family member who can be contacted in case of any crisis.
With your new makeover, you will impress them.
He is so arrogant that if someone were to disagree with his opinions, he could just never take it.
Boss fired me from the job and I lost my wallet too, bad luck.
Before being reported as a scam, he used to brag about this project and now the minister has denied the project in front of the media.
The teacher will identify all of the students who are not keeping up their grades.
Nowadays our media is nothing more than, to put it another way, misrepresentation of actual facts.
When ted and judy were living apart in different cities, he would write a letter to her every week and all the letters would be signed with swak, or sealed with a kiss, as a sign of how much he loved her.
We had to disconnect from them as they were just not able to do the job that we needed.
My mother was convinced without doubt that he was the best match for me and as usual, mothers are always right.
The pizza flavors don’t matter to me— it’s the same thing.
She has been so happy since getting engaged last week.
That store has such a sales manager who gives the customer a fake job to increase their sales.
These books are selling very well.
My wife seems to be in a very bad mood today and I am going to leave quickly before I make it worse.
When drug addicts stop using drugs they experience a period of extreme suffering.
I cannot just comment when I do not even know what you have been talking about.
Rebecca wanted us to go to dinner instead of the dodger's game, I didn't want to upset her, so I just accepted the situation.
Every time the exams started, I would become late.
I heard through word of mouth that our neighbours were expecting a baby, but I don't know much about it.
Nick felt like he was entering a dangerous situation while he was going to the stage in order to deliver his speech.
She has promised her mother that she will pass the exam no matter what this year.
Jane hates the sight of that woman and she blames her for having broken her marriage up.
The water sharing pact has been the cause of discord between the two states.
Their corporate offices are under attack after their stocks plummeted last week and.
I promise to complete my homework right now.
I think we should go back to the planning stage with our design, and try to make it better this time.
It would be better if you drew out a map with the direction to the place rather than just telling me because a picture is sufficient to convey information.
She got the promotion even though there were two more deserving candidates because the most enthusiastic candidate gets the promotion.
Just go on this route as fast as possible, and you may save about 40 minutes.
After my grandfather died his will was a dispute in the family.
He's dedicated to the project fully.
She is a strong woman and can manage without having a man in her life.
I kept quiet for the entire presentation until I was forced to speak by mrs and shukla.
The student became emotional during the examination when he could not answer any of the questions that the examiner asked him.
I train so hard for the marathons because I believe that practicing makes perfect.
The doctor said he will do everything he can to find a cure for his illness.
After making a fool of himself, he looked funny.
We aren't as wealthy as the jones' to eat so richly.
Jacob was acquitted in the trial even though he had admitted of his guilt.
You think I'll get in to ucla? I doubt it!
Our boss did not turn up today, so we had a fun day at office and none of us did any work.
The convict escaped the police custody on the way to jail and police is apparently searching for him after he vanished into woods.
He lost control when his wife left him over his drinking habit.
This amazing chinese soup was a dish worthy of the gods.
The unpleasantness of exercising at 5 in the morning is much better than being bed ridden for several years.
The board was placed near the manhole to scare the kids from playing there.
Her husband had left her a year ago, but she still clung on to his belongings, hoping that someday he will return to her.
He has repeated the question repeatedly but I still do not understand.
If you had have kept it safe, your wedding dress would not have been worn out.
The beginning of the young turk's party was after they started becoming organized and confident of their power and abilities.
After the strike it would be some time before production gets into full operation.
One friend mine is quite rich and she is kind heart.
You should listen to our parents and appreciate their hard work because they' re right, money is hard to come by.
I know its difficult to get over your loss, but try to calm down and get on with life.
I know people who do not help their own people and to expect that we will get help is futile.
The store where I purchased it is very dead.
The old dog finally died when the winter got too harsh for him.
She has made her decision and she'll have to live with it.
The only problem with this committee is that they do not feel the need to involve the young people in their decision - making processes.
His speech was delivered just in time and I was beginning to think that the people were going to start fighting.
The guest became an absolute pain for the hosts and they were really pleased to get rid of them.
Joe, being the adventurous person he is, stayed the night, had some rest and ate some food and left early the next morning.
Mom, you need to relax and I know that I failed the test but I will make it up next time.
It seems as if the merger will go through and all our hard work has been in vain.
It was dangerous to chase the robbers and they were armed to the teeth and looked dangerous.
In my interview, I forgot everything when they asked my what my current role was - I was so nervous!
If you want to get a new licence you will have to go through the proper procedure.
The only person who did not get punished for this mishap was you because you were out of sight, out of mind.
They went down to the last minute and it was impossible to tell who would win till the very last moment.
He annoys me whenever he tries to mimic me.
She manages to give her father the amount that she would need every week.
The director was fully aware of the performance of the company when he finally got to the see the financial data for the quarter end.
There is no such thing as free stuff.
He roams around all night without thinking.
The victory of the war was not only because of the good strategy of the king, but the brave soldier and usage of better weapons should be considered also.
I eat very well after a good walk along the beach - the sea air really stimulates my appetite!
Valarie's car was badly damaged in the accident and he was angry about what had happened, but he soon realized that there was no use regretting what has already happened.
The two companies are at odds over the new software that is going to revolutionize their industry.
The pub operates in this area legally but no one know where they are exactly put up.
My heart started beating and then the instructor yelled,``on your mark! ``.
It makes life easier in our department when we are all in agreement.
When it came to contributing for the event, they realized all of them were in the same situation; none of them had much money with them, so they decided to stop contributing.
The movement to bring peace in the city is not possible now due to the issue of sectarianism.
There was great excitement in the atmosphere at the clock struck midnight.
I managed to save my reputation by being able to speak about the topic, the presentation that was made was really not good.
The sun is up bright and shine!
She had a great time during the halloween party last weekend.
Leo's constant nagging certainly annoys me.
Amazon is a great place to shop online - sometime they sell goods for a low price.
The new medication that the doctor gave me for the flu really makes me feel weak.
My parents have had to tighten their spending since retiring.
But you know what they say, when something bad happens, it gets worse.
After hitting the motorcycle the car driver stopped and he turned left toward the woods.
Oh please, stop it! it's not like you want a trip to the sun and its just a sky diving that you wish to do and make it happen.
The visitors sought shelter when it started to rain.
His sunny manner is at odds with his fearsome reputation.
Mothers infected by dengue may have babies with higher risk of severe zika, and the opposite is true.
My daughter was anything but a good sleeper, she kept me awake all night most of the first year.
I should have known she is smart enough to change the situation.
I don't know how they'll react to our proposal, so we'll just have to improvise and hope for the best.
The exam was difficult for me this time because I just did not have the time to study after working two jobs.
Ruth came promptly at 9:00.
The beggar was lying shivering on the road when a kind person came along and gave him a blanket and some warm clothes.
I wish that I could be a free spirit like you because I am always worried about what other people think of me.
The couple did not agree on most things and had blazing rows every now and then, but when it came to their child's education, they usually agreed on what was best for him.
I had to hold my tongue when peter said that he was hard - working.
Chinese's favourite movies have all been sad about people moving away from their families in order to find work.
He is definitely a gambler.
Just wait till we have an official communication, then you can let the news out.
Please stop talking.
Get up go find a job and start earn something now, don't lie around lazy, you've grown up now.
The old sense of party allegiance, support for your party through thick and thin, is fading.
This concern hall is usually full of people.
The children were very impressed when they met their favourite cricket player and he had always seemed very popular to them.
Looks like your wife has searched through your laptop while you were away.
Got up in the wrong position today and he's been awfully grumpy all day. everything has been going wrong for me today!
I will be there for your wedding, no matter what.
The late unpleasantness in germany resulted in most of my grandfathers traumatic experiences.
After he was rude to her she left the party angrily.
Not many people know that he has such a painful past and has been admitted in the hospital so many time from the class clown demeanour that he carries currently.
If you buy a used car without examining it thoroughly first, you might end up buying the wrong car.
This business idea can take you from zero to hundred in just a few years but you can't make great things without making great mistakes.
Telling your friend that you like their new haircut, when you really don' t, is an example of a lie and.
Bad grammar annoys him.
The government's attitude on the issue has remained ambivalent for some time, so today's statement should clarify it.
Do you think the officer gave that statement voluntarily or was he forced to do it by his superiors?
The sheriff is not going to die so easily and he has seen many such goons in his career.
The boy said that he could not help but ask me out, as the sight of me in my lovely dress had made him feel very attracted to me.
When his sister was going through a difficult period and needed support, he dropped everything and went to stand by her; they are related.
No one was able to create a medicine that would prevent the viral diseases.
You will not date my sister!
Stephen was exactly right when he said that what the company was lacking in was clear vision and focus.
After visiting the religious site they shave their heads and become very bald and it is a part of the ritual without with the pilgrimage is not considered complete.
Why don't you come visit my place? I live close.
She met him in her early twenties, and his charm had such a powerful effect on her that she was forever attracted to him.
When the boss found out that the accounting department was cutting corners they fired them all.
I've manipulated him a bit and he will get you the passes to the event.
I am aware that although showing his true colors will be better but choose to let people know of his courageous acts.
Stay calm; this issue is small, we don't want to make a big deal out of a little thing.
If your community goes bankrupt, you have to proceed to its closure.
In the aviation industry there is very little that can be afforded to have slipped through the cracks.
I must have to hurry now to catch the train, if I want to reach my destination time.
An intricate equation like this is easy to solve for someone with my superior intellect and I will show you how to solve it.
John is such an eager person, nobody wants to work with him as he makes everyone else look bad.
He has always been so nice, talk about being wild!
Have a look at this website and it talks of a lot of stuff.
You' re on for the met gala tomorrow, hope you haven't forgotten? he asked me to tell you that.
She did not even smile! the joke was definitely not understood by her.
I am not looking forward to the first christmas since my divorce.
The win was marred in controversy, but the jubilant fans don't care.
The propaganda people are just spreading false information.
It is usually the father's sister who chooses a name for the baby in the indian culture.
Let's get to the important part right away and wrap up this discussion quickly.
My teacher has to mention that he studied at harvard at the beginning of every lecture.
The kids write to me periodically letting me know of their latest adventures.
They were close to getting married when she found out that he had similarly conned many other women.
How do you expect all four of us to stay in that room? there's not much room to move around.
She was angry when she heard of her child's misdeeds.
Much to the delight of the employees, a significant wage hike was announced across the board.
She had started the conversation but the ball is now his court if he wants to consider her proposal of marriage.
The man ate food at the buffet as he pleased and he seemed really happy as he left for home.
My brother has been worried since yesterday as his exam results are scheduled to be declared today.
The winner team worked hard and hung in there with what they had.
In case of law suits it is better to hope for the best, but prepare for the worst.
Speak up boy or cat have your tongue?
I had no intention of saying that to her, it was unintentional.
I am not going to think about getting a new job now, I will deal with that when I come to it.
I am having trouble figuring out how to get started on this weeks research assignment.
It took her long before she revealed her identity and expressed her interest in the biotechnology industry.
Judy was devastated when her fiance did not show up for their wedding and left her at the altar.
We are going to waterpark to cool down the heat.
The ceo is usually the one caught in the middle in such a case.
Sarah has spent her whole life in performing a routine job work so don't expect that she would ever be able to be creative.
It would be better if you applied to several companies instead of just one; don't put all your effort in one company.
I have the contract in printed form should the issue come up in the future.
His contract includes continuous monitoring of the software to ensure that there is no malfunction.
She risked her life by sharing her research paper with her friend despite the tough plagiarism policy.
I know you are bitter about losing that job, but try to forget about it and find another one.
I will not be going to the party and by the way, I dislike him.
My memory is bad and I have to write everything important down.
The deal was about to be cancelled, but at the last moment, the sales team pulled a miracle and convinced the client to seal the deal.
My brother's not very smart.
The critical test for the new theory would come when it is actually implemented and the results come out.
After the accident, there were bits and pieces of the wreckage scattered all over the road.
When he made that offer, I sensed something was wrong.
If you really want to become a successful actor, do everything you can and give up everything else and focus only on your acting career.
His stand - up comedy is amongst the best I have seen and everyone goes home laughing and smiling.
People should learn to be brave after encountering any major issues as this is the only way they can succeed.
He is taking you to the most lavish restaurant in town and do you think he is going to propose marriage?
With all of the new restructuring going on we need another client badly and but corporate is only worried about money.
Nobody likes being ignored and constantly nagging them when they want to work peacefully.
The couple did not go abroad because they had an old age home to look after& didn't want many in their old age to be rendered homeless& unlooked.
They are always holding hands and kissing in public and they are a romantic couple.
I've heard that they change the crown jewels by their dead relatives so that they are protected from thieves and is that true?
You keep trying to convince him to join your company, but I think you' re wasting your time.
I am hungry after the large breakfast that we had earlier.
A company can use a backdoor listing if they are not able to go public by themselves and although this method of getting public funds do not guarantee success.
The cops always watched the top trouble makers of the city to ensure that the festival period are not affected.
The company management feels that the new members should be used to find process improvement ideas because they can provide a third person perspective to our processes.
Dollars to donuts that the economy is going to be hit adversely due to fall in prices.
The new coffee cart is a distraction and they are hoping we forget about all of the overtime that we have to work.
By accepting two part - time jobs, he is clearly trying to do too much.
John is such a lively person; he is a good source of entertainment.
Your term paper must focus on the major themes of modernism.
These days the houses collapse even before they are built and such is the quality that is used today.
There is a good time to start this venture because the government is fully supportive of the sustainable energy and its related reforms.
I think it's not safe to drive the car now - it's raining heavily.
As a big brother, he was always teasing his sister, but he was there for her when needed.
The corrupt leaders have made their life luxurious with the help of black money.
I better get going for my interview tomorrow if I want it to go well.
I will not take responsibility for what you did wrong at the ceremony.
Losing that job turned out to be a good thing for him as it forced him to plunge into business.
His business idea was just unsuccessful and cannot be used now since the effects of the demonetization have worn out.
Good luck with your test tomorrow, I'll be optimistic.
Tom hanks is very much on the rise in the film world.
I cannot guarantee you will become successful by heading in this direction but there is certainly a possibility.
I hope our teacher doesn't come today - oh, there he is, here he comes.
Use two table spoons of the stain wash to soak your shirt, soak for 20 minutes and bob is your uncle, the stain will clear out immediately.
Stay in contact, I'll be seeing you next month.
As a rule of thumb, we never went camping near water bodies during the rains.
The businessman won't agree to your deal in place of his old house, so stop wasting your time& find another place for your restaurant.
I believe that digital learning is the way to go.
I am trying to reduce sugar this month.
Uncle ben has been rushing against time ever since he has found out about the terminal illness.
Maria was happy to see her husband back from a long business trip.
It is seriously a mystery how time passes so fast and that we have all become graduates today.
I take hope from the positive medical test results.
Your exam results this term were not up to the standard expected.
Isn't it odd how that advertisement is such a popular song?
My exit from the company became a turning point of my career and then I established my own firm.
I have never cooked a meal for this many people, but I will try.
I know when to stay away from things that are not my business.
Thea bossa wasa mada becausea toma calleda ita aa daya ata noona anda wenta home.
Noticing that sam was in a pensive mood, hilary said``please tell me your thoughts, sam.``
It's a very good painting, she is so creative.
After his mother's death, david found a valuable collection when he found her collection of music records.
This is a sensitive issue, so its better to be politically correct rather than be direct and be called a radical.
I know that you'll keep trying to make him a better person for a long time.
I am going to visit his office to take him lunch.
The future of the project is uncertain as the management has failed to finalize the budget.
Kids are meant to be free of restrictions, mine are no exceptions.
He said he would have to take a stock count of everything that was there in the store, from the beginning to the end.
I walk past the coffee machine intentionally every day because I am trying to be mindful about my caffeine intake.
We had no clue how to make phil comfortable with the new management and he was looking very out of place.
Nobody will want to be friends with you if you are considered undesirable in your social circle.
She became very nervous as she read the last warning notice from the bank about the loan repayment.
Had he explained the situation to me, I would have been more understanding and not have been so hard on him.
Don't eat fast food- - it's bad for you.
The two immediately agreed on the fact that they follow the same faith.
My life starts from you and ends at you, so you are my primary and secondary.
She has been doing very well in the barber shop after she hired women to cut men's hair.
This movie is not for those who are weak and you better go to bed right now.
The search for the missing children will begin at first light.
I have to go on a business trip darling, but we'll talk soon, I promise.
Alex always talks too soon; he ends up apologising for his wrong assumptions.
And that these hearings are the beginning of a real change in the relationship between the government and technology.
He has profited from the estate that his father created.
Next time I come to this restaurant I will bring my spouse.
Banks prepare themselves in anticipation of further trouble.
I went to the auction but didn't pick up anything and everything cost a lot.
You cannot close the books as you please, the law is clear and you will get caught eventually.
I was hoping to use the money from the insurance to buy a new house, after my house burned down.
Michelle was my best friend at the university and but over the years we've lost contact.
I am not looking forward to the new avengers movie that will be released soon.
The legal system had become so corrupt that the hardened criminal was repeatedly acquitted by the powers who were behind him.
The election is going to be undecided between those two candidates, as both of them seem to have a sizable amount of support.
When his children were small, he used to do everything he could to fulfill their needs, but now they do not care for him.
I must have to get some sleep today since I didn't sleep well since couple of days.
Internet shopping is now popular.
To her, he was a necessary means to an end.
It is sad to see that people always wait until something bad happens before they start to take any action in this country.
Sometimes we must take steps that are against the norm.
After the long road trip, we were all dead tired and ready to sleep as soon as we reached home.
I won't be able to rest until we get to the bottom of my son's sickness.
Kids really carry on after getting a scolding from their parents.
She is totally into the activities of her college.
I have not put my education aside but would like some time to think about my true passion.
It is usually the close circle of celebrities who are collaborating with the paparazzi.
Seeing the queen of england, even as she passed by in her car was a total surprise.
I often have to keep my mouth shut when he tells me how good he is at football and I know that he can hardly kick.
I know katy and greg used to date each other, but I don't know what's up with their relationship now.
Failing to get a satisfactory answer from her doctor, mary went from place to place searching for a cure for her illness.
The blood vessels in the back of his right leg showed out.
I really get a good laugh when I am talking with him.
Many times president trump had irritated people by his speech all around the world.
After being treated badly by the coach, meher saw the interview as an opportunity to vent her anger directly at the coach.
I’m not far from your house, so I'll be there soon.
If my boss doesn't employ someone to help me soon I don't know what I am going to do and I can't cope with all of the new orders.
Artists and writers often do not earn enough to be able to keep themselves together and they need a second job to sustain themselves.
Aren't you tired of having done useless business whole day, leaving your preparation for test tomorrow.
Do you think that all the members of our family may be reunited? no, I doubt it!
Seeing as the deadline was looming and grace was yet to round up the project, she realised she was in a difficult situation.
As regards our plans for tonight, be careful.
George paid the borrowed money from me in small amounts.
As kids we used to beat each other up badly.
Even today, women don't have equal opportunities in terms of opportunities to excel and succeed.
The investigation came to an end last week when my colleague was found guilty of fraud.
In short, mary only wants everyone to be happy and she is willing to do whatever it takes to achieve this.
It's difficult for the employees of that company.
My wife gave me a detailed account of the entire incident.
In order to keep the winner of the contest a secret, the voting happened privately.
Have you checked out this cool new app? I think it's great.
The hotel interior will impress you and it is everything that a castle should be actually.
She wanted an advantage in the business and hence went ahead to buy all the shares that she could find in the market.
The manager will pull this deal off and you bet on something else about him because this is definitely going to happen.
That meeting was quite important, but you were far away.
Apple's iphone is very expensive I cannot afford but that's a quality product and I must give credit where credit is due.
She was very conscious of her social image and wouldn't do anything that went against it.
Let's go, I have only few minutes before I must go.
After having a heated argument the previous night, the young couple kissed and forgave each other and decided to settle their differences amicably.
The avalanche prevented the snowboarders snowed under.
Looking to the future, however, the forest service decided to improve their performance next time around.
I'm so sorry I forgot your birthday - I've got bad memory!
My siblings were often told to be quiet but I always did what I wanted.
She has started making more sense about her career now and I would like to let her try things out.
Those two seem to be inseparable and they are always together.
These doomsday cults have exaggerated their claims so many times that no one even listens to them anymore.
How can anyone turn away from their mothers is beyond my understanding?
Her son shuts up every time he feels guilty of something.
I can't believe that my cleaning lady is on holiday again and I will have to clean my house this weekend .``I'm not upset, I don't even have a cleaning lady.``
Sam always showed his emotions, so everyone knew how he was feeling.
I will not abide by any restrictions; I'm going to sue for discrimination.
He found himself at a dead end when walking along the street.
Remember tom, you cannot forget once you have sent out that mail.
Being a mom, a teacher and an athlete means I always have a lot to do every time.
His sense of humour always makes my day better.
The trip was excellent but the ship moving made me feel very tired.
It was an adventurous tour, but we didn't go all the way.
In a typical display of unrequited love, the child ran to her and jumped into her lap as soon as she brought out the toy she had got for him.
The police chased him throughout the country for three days but the convict finally managed to escape and vanished.
The work is almost done if only he can convince the managing directors to give him a raise now.
The group of bikers riding through the country since last nine days were left to rest overnight at a very inexpensive inn last night.
That was a strong earthquake - you cannot predict the acts of god.
It was a very sensitive case and yet for over one year the investigators kept searching in the wrong places.
I am going to bed now and good night, sleep well.
I had a feeling that he had been lying, and sure enough, it was later proved that he was.
I'm going to get my point across no matter what.
The lady was scolded for reporting for duty at the last minute.
Her crazy mother said that being so lazy, megan is going to be rich one day for sure and without any hard working job and come on, when things are easy!
Just because he lost his wallet does not mean that he gets to ruin my evening too and I am going for the party whether he wants to come along or not.
If you have so many people from his community in the jury, it makes it difficult.
If we leave before five o' clock the traffic will not be as bad.
The team is divided into people of the same region batting against the others and people who are easily attracted to each other tend to be together.
The bottles of water, at the end of the long race, was a pleasant sight.
She didn't want to have any contact with him so she deleted his phone number accidentally without thinking.
To not pay attention when you are working at a call center would mean complete disaster for your career and it is among the most basic requirements of a calling job.
He knows the business of the circus since he has been here his entire life.
Put your mobile phone in a silent mode - its loud ringtone is irritating me.
We've requested hundreds of private schools to join the' low - cost education' campaign, but so far we've found no response.
She tried to take advantage of me in the game but lost anyway.
From now on, I will stop caring for anyone other than myself as it is now every man for himself.
Everyone is angry about the highway that they plan to build through our city centre.
A cut in interest rates on housing loans can lift the property market out of its slump.
Mark is just an confrontational sort of a person and sometimes talks rough and he really means no harm.
The meeting has been brought forward by the board and we have to start preparing for it now.
The mother expected her baby to be left handed like her but she was very much right handed.
I did not want to move to the other city initially but now that the situation demands it, I have decided to make the best of it.
The minute she realized that this is not a fair competition she started behaving far more competitively at work.
After experiencing strong examination, the accused after all determined to confess and give a detailed explanation of the occurrence.
If you rush the job, you won't be able to do it justice.
After the nightmare of a party, it was worse that my son vomited everywhere.
Together, they went through everything together.
The landlord has given her permission to redecorate the living room.
She thinks it is her intuition that tells her about upcoming incidents.
She did not talk to me that day and I knew that something is wrong, there are no easy answers.
Mother cannot control things around here if none of you are willing to listen!
You need to stop joking about this situation.
I have tried to be like the romans but it really does not suit my personality.
Thousands of cheering fans turned out to welcome the champions home.
Janet quitting her job because her ex started working there is a classic example of getting rid of good things to get rid of bad things.
There is nothing wrong with appearing immature; it is a process every new person to an organisation has to go through.
I met my old school teacher yesterday and I was pleased to see that he was still alive.
Both the man and his wife must work long hours just to keep themselves safe.
When you hear someone coming give us a signal and we will leave quickly.
The lawyer created trouble when his client was not released even after he had provided the bail papers.
With just two months left for his exams, he said he should be getting organized if he wanted to do well.
She goes through bad times with that man every single day and I am not even sure why she is still with him.
The fight between the two boxing champions could go either way and both the boxers are equally matched.
The luxury transport industry is under suspicion at the moment after newspapers revealed that many indulged in illegal activities.
She has been dating one of her team members for the past six months now.
His factory is an absolute sight! it is full of activities and everyone seems to know exactly what they have to do.
The family has many problems so it is best to not ask them any personal questions.
Many believe that if that candidate wins the elections, the country would soon be in a bad situation.
I have asked your brother to not annoy you until you have finished studying for the exam.
Let’s do a couple rehearsals of your speech so you feel totally comfortable with it.
You are a hollywood actor and of course you are well known in my country!
I don't really care where we go right now for dinner and it's up to you.
He thinks he is a famous designer just because he uses jargon when he is giving interviews.
Learn from a senior politician and if it works, don't change it.
He lost his sight in an accident and is completely blind.
I took the blame when the caterer did not deliver the food on time.
Unless we make every effort we won't be able to submit the proposal on time.
His idea about the new product went down very easily.
Geoff had got the wrong idea about me, and thought I was angry with him.
John's reaction showed that he was excited after hearing that he would be a dad for the second time.
I was supposed to meet my counselor for a motivational talk.
When quentin had to give a presentation to some new clients, his boss warned him that it would be a critical situation.
Couldn't you have walked any faster? I've been waiting here for a long time!
He seemed to be very sick according to his friends.
At the end of a very busy term the teachers will finally be able to tell their stories.
It makes sense that you will not be able to complete the marathon if you are not able to run for more than a mile per day.
A person who has not changed will not know how to get past such a tricky situation.
We are all hoping that the third time is better for her.
I heard chris and tina will be getting married soon.
I'm new to this city, so I'm still finding my way around.
She was always undecided about whether she wanted to go to college or not.
After the marriage ceremony, when I took first drink, I had strange feeling of something happening again.
The book had a very compelling setup, but so - so writing dragged it down.
The servants at the palace are ordered to do what the king and the entire royal family want.
I hope that being arrested will make drunk drivers change their behavior.
He made the final cut off list of the university just barely.
The heat and dust of this city is very bad compared to the clean and cool climes of the place where we used to live.
My best friend has been in such a bad mood the last few weeks that I have decided to stop caring about her.
Robbie is willing to do what it takes to resolve the issue not just delay the issue.
Tomorrow is her favorite day, she always celebrates it with a big party.
After having partied late into the night, he was exhausted the next day at work.
I was trying my best to be blunt so the conversation wouldn't seem as awkward.
When he becomes an adult, he would get a large inheritance from his grandfather.
Everything was in place, but since the approval from the powers was missing, we could not go ahead with our plans.
The cyclone destroyed her entire house and her insurance company denied to pay the bill now.
They all worked together on the project, but while submitting it, one of them succeeded.
Veronica drove off in anger, she was waiting you for last 3 hours.
Are you coming out with us for lunch? no no, I have a lot of work to do, I'll have something from the cafeteria.
I could not explain the additional expenses at the wedding even though I added every guest's stay as well as sight - seeing.
The accused was saved from the sentence otherwise the judge would have pronounced the sentence today itself.
I am not working right now but have a few offers on the way.
Get hurt! shouted the stage director to his actors before the beginning of the play.
Early to bed will give you a good start in the morning.
At the end of a long trek, we were all hungry and ready to eat whatever was offered for dinner.
I assumed that they would pay for their share of dinner and I was wrong.
The politician came under criticism after it was discovered that he had spend campaign money on lavish parties.
I have learned my lesson from dating actors— once bitten, twice shy.
Going to college from high school was like going from a bad situation to a worse situation.
Though I feel the contract is secured, I'll wait for the confirmation before telling anyone.
I do not have the latest technology that is required to break this market, yet.
I think you are wasting time by leaving your permanent job before getting new one.
With the number of silly remarks he comes up with, I wonder if he's not intelligent.
She acted cool and collected when her parents told her they were getting a divorce.
A self - made man would understand the value of his empire more than anything else.
Why are you having an argument with your teacher? he only discouraged you in front of the class to make you realize your potential.
So far, for the masses ignorance has been good but no more.
After her nasty divorce, her friends recommended that she go out more as laughter is good for the heart.
The rules in our school are clear.
You saved me from having to talk to that tedious woman and you are my friend.
It was flu season and people in our office were falling ill.
She was taken aback when he asked her to marry him unexpectedly.
My boss has taken up the challenge for us regarding the head office's decision to stop giving bonuses.
My friends were having a discussion about the future if the financial markets, but it was all incomprehensible to me.
The director of the company passed on responsibility after he got too sick to take care of company matters.
It is easy to get rid of.
Though they fell in love at first sight for tracy and john, it did not last long and they broke up after just six months.
His wife sits on his back, so to speak.
People these days have people like tom cobley and all in their friend list over social media and I wonder if they really talk or even know each other.
Can you try to find out more about these plans? I think that the company is being dishonest with releasing my gratuity amount.
We will inform you when your order will be ready.
Dhl delivered the goods to me fast.
I have to take either physics or chemistry this semester so I'm stuck between two options.
However, it also encouraged corporate investment in safety, arguing that it would save money in the future.
Look at that necklace rebecca! I always knew you would succeed.
My granny does not like pizza at all, she prefer to eat porridge - really, you can't teach an old dog new things.
I sympathize with him and he has lost his job, his marriage is on the rocks and his kids don't even speak to him.
I always feel like I'm unfocused when I take that medication.
His livelihood comes entirely from the pension amount.
When writing an article make sure that the language you use is not too much for your audience.
He went after her just because he wanted something he couldn't have.
I read the newspaper while sipping my morning cup of tea, doing two things at once.
Jenny is always up early while jack is a pure night owl.
His comments were intended to be humorous, but his friends took it seriously and that started a huge argument.
Its strange how two different people wrote about the same thing in different places and arrived at similar conclusions! indeed, great minds think in the same way.
Where can I get a good cup of coffee around here?
I like to relax every now and then, it is the only way that I can maintain my cool at such a stressful job.
The two neighbours had always been quarreling, but they finally shook hands and decided to forget past differences when they met at a local event.
He walked back inside and thought about the situation.
John and I alternate turns to take the dogs for a walk.
Oh, man I didn't want to cross the river, but finally I made it.
I have read the article, but I take it with caution.
The feedback that we received from the public was very encouraging.
Sara and sam have been in a great mood since they got married.
The survivor, although still under shock, elaborately spoke without preparation regarding the accident.
It depends what mood the chef is in, because the food can be really good or bad in that cafe.
After her husband cheated on her she was unfaithful with everyone in her life.
After signing out his personal effects, matt was all prepared to leave the prison as a free man.
Amanda decided to take a risk by quitting her day job to pursue her passion of wildlife photography.
In a row and I cannot believe how much he has grown up over the last year. kolten wong has missed his target twice.
She got into the political party just by showing off and she is not capable of running it.
The gas supply will be restored, but in the meantime, we are preparing cold meals.
Don't worry about your friends coming over for dinner, I have cooked only for 2 people and there are 10 waiting to eat right now! could you at least give the people in that village a.
He said he would not visit us today.
She discovered all of his dark secrets after the wedding and it frightened her.
Websites on health and fitness are all available nowadays, but not all of them are accurate and have correct information.
Jules and nora are perfect for each other and they love doing things together and cannot bear to be away from each other.
As I am the new kid I know that I will have to work hard to prove myself.
It looks like they really messed up this time.
The last thing I want is to hurt you, but I have to say - your fashion sense is terrible!
In the current environment where everyone is in a rush for everything, one stop shops are the ultimate solution for grocery shopping.
The footballer has a change of opinion after retirement declaration upset fans.
He was so infatuated with her that he was ready to follow her anywhere around the world just to be with her.
She keeps talking about her big - time ambitions, but it's all fanciful.
The family was asked to look before they jumped into buying this house and people in the village say that it is haunted by the ghost of the lady that lived here many years back.
The manager was fired from his job after making such a huge mistake, but that's the way things happen.
My mother always stops by the children's hospital to check if they need something that she can help with.
Hey, bob keep up your courage, we' re not lost yet.
The dining for the vips in the mega event was placed in a tandem arrangement by the organizers.
Andy was desperately trying to attract rebecca's attention at the party but she kept ignoring him.
I hate walking through this bad neighborhood to get to my friend's house.
A precision attack was carried out on the enemy’s military headquarters.
She is a very nice person and is always willing to do something extra to help others.
A gang of goons was beating an old man but instead of helping him everybody ignored him.
I am not one to bad - talk anybody for their appearance.
Simran is looking for a loyal friend, not an unreliable friend.
He has reached the peak of his success with his new book.
I turned it off and back on, and that worked.
My cousin is seen as the bad guy in our family and she left school to run off with her boyfriend.
Always be optimistic and hope for the silver - lining.
He is not able to start over now that he has work experience of 8 years.
Don't exaggerate, it was only flu - you were barely at death's door.
The fellow has always been blamed since he is the youngest of the four siblings.
Do you think that you deserve a congratulations for telling the whole company that I was the one who broke the printer?
I ordered a large number of donuts from dunkin and they never came, I don't think I will be going there anytime soon after this.
I always thought that jane would end up I am surprised at how well she is doing.
I never said that in a bad way, if she misunderstood then it was her job to get the statement clarified.
Let's be honest, the new club has three pools and so many amenities, we have never had it so good.
Even with the increased hostility at work, amanda faced all her colleagues directly as she pitched her new proposal.
She had to choose between the two suitors, about whom she was undecided.
She revealed her plans and finally told her parents about her plans of getting married.
Mieno is discouraging the report before she's even seen it.
She's not feeling well today due to the baby blues.
He started off poorly with his girlfriends father when they clashed over political views.
The train started exactly on the cue that was provided by the guard outside.
You never can tell, some unlikely candidate many come along and win a house of lords seat.
When he pulled out the gun I was sure that we were all going to die.
I am glad that you are enjoying your holiday, the best is yet to come.
Why are you so busy?
The current prime minister thinks it is a joke to change his mind on the plans that he announces publicly.
With a heavy heart, we had to leave the funeral ceremony.
If you need help, just call on mike and he can come right away.
Although old now, my granny has some fascinating stories to tell us.
Although I trust in god, I visit a temple only once in a while.
After his first accident, sam is quite careful in driving now because a burnt child fears a fire.
She intends to waste as much time as possible before her parents get serious and start finding a groom for her.
My grandfather would be dressed well to go to the church every sunday up until the time that he passed away.
Mary finally deciding to date leon was her ultimately taking a chance.
I am going to bet on the hockey tonight and our team has been playing well this season.
I hesitated before going through with the plan.
My mother came across this ancient recipe from my grandmother's things and decided to try it.
On the way home, the politician was accompanied by two bodyguards.
The hottest days of summer are a difficult period for those who have to work out in the open.
The maid had lied while doing the dishes because her employer was asleep on the sofa and could have gotten disturbed.
Sir, don't worry - your damaged car is improving.
Pamela had no reason to meet up with your husband to solve your marital issues - this should be only between you and your husband.
The class was eager to begin the 4 day trip.
She was only 10 minutes late to the party but apparently the cake was over quickly.
How can such a serious error remain unnoticed by the inspectors?
He totally revealed his identity when getting drunk.
I would like you to mind your own business because; I am tired of your suggestions.
I am done talking, I am done.
Most teenagers are quick to fall in love and expect it to last a lifetime, but of course it is love at first sight and they soon fall out of it.
Humans have found many different uses for man's best friend over the years.
We are going to organise a beautiful birthday party for my mom and we will have cake, champagne, balloons and other things.
This european country has seen some amazing times but then the more successful they are the harder they fall, they are now running off the alms that the rest of the europeans union are willing to provide to them.
I'm going to study once she comes.
I have done everything for her, but she left me because of that guy, she betrayed me.
She often lies so that his mother does not find out about his father's medical condition.
Now it's calm and quiet in the house - just what I needed.
I like when things are clearly explained instead of being left in a situation with various shades of grey.
It is time the countries did something to improve their relations to preserve peace in the region.
Stopping by woods on a snowy evening is a good piece of writing by robert frost.
The company rejected his application for a job, and to make matters worse, refused to pay his expenses.
To expect that a person with such integrity will not do what is forced on him is laughable and hasn't he given you enough instances in the past about his integrity?
Though mark may be friends with other girls, he only cares about her.
I will give you the information regarding what really happened, but strictly confidential.
One of the reasons my fiance and I get along so well is that we have similar things on our wish list!
She seemed to fail shortly after her promotion as cabinet minister.
She has to manage getting the contract this time since her job is at risk if she fails.
I started learning tennis after having tried swimming because variety is important in life.
She had a big argument with her husband and in anger, left him.
To be well read is a very important thing in the current times.
I saw a mother was teaching to her son that calling someone names is a bad thing.
Her explanations about the previous night's events actually clarified what had occurred.
We had planned to hold a get - together in the evening, but bad weather changed our plans.
The fact that he's such a yes man makes me wonder if I even know him because he always just agrees with what everyone says.
This new has has such an interesting story and an amazing ending that it just surprised me.
I do not believe him and he has old habit of telling stories about his school days.
After experiencing some bouts of morning sickness, kate began to suspect that she might be pregnant.
My neighbour's political wish is not realistic.
Both of the dogs are equally strong and it is too close to call.
The new boy band is distinct and determined not to play second fiddle to any other group.
It does not take long for a person to become unkind in such conditions.
It was so nice to see you last week and I haven't seen you in years.
I will need to think about things before I decide whether or not to start my own business.
The accused man swallowed his pride as the judge handed down his sentence.
Tracy and sandra don't even acknowledge each other's presence when they are together for some reason and they don't like each other.
It is true that all his supporters listen to him speak on the radio every morning.
He was nervous as he walked out onto the stage for his dance performance.
We are having a farewell party for him tonight, would you like to help out?
I have been living in this house for so long and know everyone in the vicinity by their first names.
When people fall in love, they want it to last forever, but sometimes it's not the case.
They wanted to keep the news secret to avoid a scandal, but someone on the inside sold them out.
I used to try to strike while the moment was right but barely ever succeeded.
She pulled my wrist away from the cookie jar and has the whole thing to herself now.
After being rejected twice, sally said she would never have a crush on anyone again.
If the factory closes, that will be a million pounds' worth of investment wasted.
At graduation everyone was saying this is the last time we'll all see each other, but who knows it's unlikely!
Britain used to go in and take over countries by force.
Prayers and blessings are said to be the real ray of hope for someone in a situation that seems difficult.
She knows her craft well and can get it done for you very quickly.
I am so angry at jane because she broke my favourite pair of earrings and I told her not to borrow my things and.
The backers of these riots are responsible for the deaths of many people.
Having tried to solve the problem for quite some time, we were back to the beginning when none of our solutions worked.
He was being rude to the manager about us going out tonight even though he has to study and wouldn't be able to hang out with us anyways.
Me being a linguist has helped me in my travels and adventures.
She doesn't want to retire - she' d rather live a long life.
The employees were profitable until the management wrapped up the entire business.
I like holding on to my wallet anytime that I am in a crowded place.
Our drive to reduce corruption has been successful in reducing bribery and graft.
It is not easy for her when she invests in the stock market.
Both parties agreed that their past disputes were resolved and decided to work together towards a common goal.
I paid him $3000 as a deposit but he still has not fixed my car and I think he has tricked me.
My father has promised to be at my hockey game tomorrow and only time will determine whether he actually shows up.
No one had expected such``a sudden decline``of highly reputed company.
I wish that everybody was as generous as you, susan, it would make my life so much easier.
I think he is aspiring for the top job because he has an axe to grind with some of his colleagues.
This restaurant is a perfect place to see the rich people of the city.
He had an apartment which he used as a hideaway for his numerous illicit relationships.
I agreed to start my relationship with him from a fresh start.
Their team is looking better, but they have a long way to go before they sleep.
When the prime minister came on the stage and started his speech, the audience were all listening with the noisy auditorium suddenly becoming quiet.
I want to start over regarding my overeating habit.
A few weak tears and he does whatever she wants.
I like my new neighbour and even though he runs his own company and is very wealthy he doesn't show off.
Let's trust her and assume that she is right.
She started to tell some false story to the police officers about how she found a huge bag containing 5 pounds of gold.
An important announcement is imminent about education in the united states by the american president.
He has changed the standard with the way he approaches issues in psychology.
That man is dangerous; leave him behind or he will betray you.
Since I am on vacation I take a short nap every day.
The politician made a bad impression with all that mumbo jumbo on the stage and do not think he is going to be voted for this time.
The latest opinion poll shows that the race between the republicans and democrats would be very close.
A tantrum is not justified just to get someone to listen to you.
Wine and dinner with my family on tuesday?
This organisation has no tolerance for any cases that include a charge of bribery.
The family is better off without this guy who respects nobody and thinks that he is always right.
Hiking is not my favorite activity, but my husband enjoys it.
They did not share any secrets with him since he was seen as being something of a dangerous person.
Its not for nothing that people are calling you names; you' re getting a bad experience.
I'm going to be in trouble if my boss refuses to approve the project done by me after the hard work of a week.
I am not in the state to disclose all these issues and what you know is only the beginning and for now, that will suffice.
The best thing about having a house in this society is that all the popular eating joints are close to our house.
Ina thea closinga fewa minutes, a oura teama hada itsa backa to a thea walla buta continueda toa fighta gallantly.
It's not good to be seen as someone who is always improving as people would always doubt your intentions.
The doctor told him to just wait patiently while he bandaged his injured leg.
Ahead of the elections, politicians won't hesitate to be disrespectful.
The sad music describes my mood exactly.
The terrified crowd got out of control when they the sound of an explosion nearby.
She has barely spent quality time with her husband since the time they got married.
The couple waited eagerly for the ceremonies to finally get over.
The presentation addressed a very important point and I would like to spend some time talking about it.
When the popular minister's adulterous relationships were revealed, his political career failed and the press called him a love rat and his image in the public took a huge beating.
They really treated him badly but he took it all on the chin.
I'm not as dumb as you think; don't try to deceive me.
You have attended to the same person repeatedly and I guess you should move on now.
I will call you once I am up and about.
I've helped you out often, now its your turn.
They are deeply in love and are very supportive of each other.
I can't believe that you are upset because I was late and that is unfair.
Given his close friendship with the president, mark is regarded as being high up.
She bundled up her clothes and started out on the road.
Drive slowly and be careful not to slip on the icy roads.
I' d rather miss the deadline and submit a good report than rush through it and make one full of errors because haste leads to bad results.
You may know that my father had no choice back then which is why he could not finance my college education.
I don't see why he finds her attractive, I think she is downright ugly; but, beauty is subjective, as they say.
The children were fascinated looking at that massive cookie that was made as an attempt to enter the world records.
Steve has been going through a bad time lately - he has lost his job and his wife wants a divorce.
Isn't it obvious that kate and mark are in a romantic relationship? they are always together and never seen without one another.
Susan is hiding after her break up because she is way too upset these days.
I feel like college is all about working late for me.
The situation was terrible, but like many politicians he was attracted to troubled situations.
The deal is done but first things first, let's discuss how the remuneration for the work will be done.
He has seen lots of ups and downs in his career but finally became the richest person in the town.
I have seen a lady like her; she loves her spouse more than herself.
The announcement of chief guest's arrival at the school annual function was timed exactly.
I like to wait and get the cake out at the stroke of midnight, every year on my wife's birthday.
In the end, I have decided that law school would be the best path for me.
I have to take this medicine to prevent an infection and I have a bad cut from falling off my motorcycle.
The newly added feature by google+ will be able to tell how busy you are on the application.
My uncle has always been fond of telling exaggerated stories about his time overseas. I used to believe him when I was a kid, but now I've learned to not listen to him.
I found a quaint new craft store by accident the other day.
I fear that sticking to an rigid agenda may queer our pitch as we head into general elections.
I heard the best joke yesterday and it has me laughing uncontrollably.
When her husband left for america she was too depressed.
He makes a very convincing point and I am leaning towards voting for him.
Following the aftermath of the hurricane, my sympathies go out to all the residents of new orleans.
The gun was fired from a very close distance.
Nothing was handed to her without hesitation despite her expectations.
Saying you will achieve this task is similar to saying you will not find anything.
I don't think anyone will be able to meet the requirements to become her husband, her list of requirements is way too long.
My mother could always sense that there was something wrong when either of us would be up to a mischief.
Kim was terribly embarrassed having walked into pat's room while he was naked.
The old man decided to stop spending everything that he earned on his children.
You know I cannot resist a suspenseful book and why did you have to recommend such a good book when you know I have to go away on a holiday soon?
He has never worked in the hr department before but when the department head left unexpectedly, he accepted the challenge.
Do you really have to behave so competitive while I speak with my clients?
When you are in the real estate industry then thinking ahead helps tremendously.
The lawyer had to admit his mistakes in the court because the facts he presented were wrong.
He was miserable by the end of the long day.
It's not a bad idea to stay up when you have to be in school the next day.
I really want to visit new zealand once, before I buy the farm.
I guess it's a case of being related to his father.
I hate to feel vulnerable.
I know that the measures introduced by the government during the recession are unpopular, but extreme times require extreme measures.
The sailor held everyone captive with exaggerated tales of his adventures at sea.
Although environmental conservation is extremely important but industrialists generally view it is as a mere inconvenience.
Although I don't want to annoy you but I've lost your phone - somewhere.
