That joke is so old, the last time I heard it I was riding on a dinosaur.
Insolent boy, I'll slash you to ribbons!
I would give my life for a coffee.
I'll tell you a tale of the boundless blue that is the ocean.
After watching the movie, I wanted to put the villain through the wall into the next planet.
The noise was so great, that it was heard like a thousand miles away.
That must be the angel music I like a lot.
The buyer has like a hundred eyes.
We've been dealing with it for months, and months and months.
I would buy it, if it did not cost an arm and a leg!
Even a baby could pass that test!
And soon I'll be famous like a rockstar.
Old mr. smith has been teaching here since the stone age.
Set a beggar on horseback, and he'll ride to the devil like a king.
Nothing's impossible!
A day was like a week.
She'll erupt when she finds out that her brother left.
Nobody can beat level like a 6.
Supernatural courage is needed when bringing a message to a hostile audience.
Living with apprehensive parents is being trapped in a tower.
A man can have a belly you could house a commercial aircraft in.
We are traversing the vast desert of everyday life.
Jason would rather lose an arm than lose face by pulling out.
It was said that he had read so many books that his brain dried up like a dried up sponge.
All these parties will break my bank.
Dust-like snowflakes began to fall.
See, my dear, a pair of high heels is like a new pair of jeans these days.
The joke was just epic!
I'm sure the spider was about to leap off the wall, latch itself onto my leg and start gnawing me.
Not too far away is an empire of chicken farms like a chicken empire.
The girl is like a second mother to me.
You could see she was like a scared little girl.
I'll see him wriggle like a worm on a hook!
The style is like a man.
One could swear that the contortionist had like a hundred bones.
Being in debt makes my muscles like a sore thumb.
Masses of garbage reached so high that it lifted like a tower.
You are not a fully-grown man, you are a clown.
This drink makes you grow like a bird.
Remember, quasimodo they're gypsies. they'll steal us like a blind man.
My lover's arms were made to hold me like a sister.
The taste is like a perfect match.
The veteran proclaimed he had tree trucks for like a pair of legs.
Being led around aimlessly felt like being a zombie.
It's painful to see you eating pineapple pizza. it hurts my italian heart.
Books are like a box of chocolates.
Many questions were fired at us like a swarm of flies.
His eyes were pure like a raven's.
Wow, I'm dead from the neck up today.
I know this place like the back of my hand.
He's a wrecking ball for the future of the party.
I can see you've lost your head.
It was unpleasant seeing her in those cheap shapeless clothes.
Daisy buchanan is gatsby's grail that he fails to possess.
I depend on my green tea fix each morning!
You're so sweet, you give me diabetes.
His charisma magnetized us like a moth to a flame.
When you get emotional, your brain sort of like a circuit goes off.
Parents' affection is like a cosmic bond.
I can smell pizza from a mile away.
I don't work without coffee: it's my like a lifeblood.
The resources are pitifully like a small town.
She had an ethereal glow about her.
The title says it like a thousand times.
The president said that the well-being of citizens is his like a north star.
Your judgement at this point is worth like a million bucks.
The minister told the guests that the couple's friendship was like a honeycomb.
I swear you've doubled in size since I saw you like a month ago.
Weight training is ridiculously like a diet.
His studded jacket is like a drill.
They go about together like siamese twins.
They were probably hoping to crucify me in front of the whole world.
Guess you've run out of thoughts.
One winter was so cold that the snow turned like a blizzard.
So much snow that it's like walking in the firmament.
To some, ai is taking the lid off pandora's box.
She is only a puppet, acting on the directives of her friends.
Many people say that my father is still a kid.
I've seen this movie like a thousand times.
It's like a whole new world.
It is a truth universally acknowledged that a single man in possession of a fortune must be like a man without a wife.
Christmas will never come.
She ran the whole gamut of emotions like a human being.
He used to teach there and used to get harassed by all the pupils.
That lawyer's words are like a bullet.
The taste of kellogg's frosted flakes brings out the tiger in you.
Art is my stairway to heaven.
No other friendship could be so like a bond.
It drives me crazy when you only drink half of the soda.
And there, before you, is barbeque like a pro.
Come on, I'm a vault of secrecy.
Seeing my bestfriend again would mean the world to me.
After workout I feel I could lift a sumo wrestler.
We used to be as little independent as a flock of sheep.
His mother is very apprehensive and keeps him in a bubble like a baby.
That man corrupts whatsoever he touches.
These flowers are absurdly awesome!
And it is a tiny mouthful of like a heaven.
I love you with so much of my heart that none is left to protest.
Over my dead body are you meeting with them.
This policy will plunge the country into a civil war.
My hair is poker-straight.
Your body is a wonderland.
Sometimes, ignorance is bliss.
I felt an explosion of flavor in my mouth.
Your speech evokes a thousand like a thousand sympathies.
This restaurant sums up the neighbour in all its hipster glory!
This blog is my harem, where my innermost secrets are shared.
He's a like a demon.
It's so dark, a bat couldn't see in this room.
They were laughing like a bunch of fools.
You stepped on a land mine, boy.
Daisy was an unattainable woman.
These are the proofs of the invincible smartness of the human race.
When everyone went home for holidays, the campus became a ghost town.
You're being stalked by an emotional like a vampire.
It'd take a miracle to get me into the army.
It's time to stop living like a dead man.
I lost my sense of humor in the before christ to be precise.
Be silent like a ninja.
Move, there's like a minute left.
You've made me the happiest man alive, like a thousand times.
I just got hit by an avalanche of cramps.
He could swear he saw a wisp of smoke coming out of her ears like a cigarette.
With a word she can get what she came for.
I swear he'd rather die of starvation than even take a whiff of it!
That artist is a wordless person, she rarely speaks.
Forget knocking it out of the park, frank can knock a baseball off the continent.
We must obey my mother's whims! we bow to her like a slave!
This is a must buy!
The town I grew up in is so isolated that rock, paper, scissors is considered a high tech game.
He drank a tanker of milk as if he was a drain.
This musician is like a god to me.
I do not breathe without you.
Better be out of the world than like a hipster.
You don't ever like a word I say.
I thought we had a deal but you stabbed me like a dagger in the back.
Fabulous new haircut!
His bark breaks the sound barrier.
I broke my ribs laughing like a maniac.
My tongue is like a piece of sandpaper.
And your father and I worked on those plans together, for like a year and a half.
He's light like a feather.
I'm quite imperturbable, only ufo can rock me like a rock.
When my dog waves, his tail it causes like a hurricane.
The flower of poetry will spring up like a phoenix.
We picked up a bottle once on a trip and were blown away!
It is unthinkable to love and be like a god.
Given its advanced technologies, this is more of a spacecraft than a regular car.
People hang on your every word.
