That joke is so old hat, the last time I heard it I was riding on a dinosaur.
Insolent boy, I'll cut you to pieces!
I would give my possessions for a coffee.
I'll tell you a fairy tale of the boundless blue that is the ocean.
After watching the movie, I wanted to drive the villain through the wall into the next planet.
The noise was so great, that it could be heard across the border.
That must be the angel music I hear in the distance.
The buyer has need of a hundred eyes.
We've been dealing with it for months, and months and months.
I would buy it, if it did not cost an arm and a leg!
Even a baby could pass that litmus test!
And soon I'll be a household name.
Old mr. smith has been teaching here since the stone age.
Set a beggar on horseback, and he'll ride high as a kite.
Never mind the impossible!
A day was twenty-four hours long but seemed like a week.
She'll erupt when she finds out that her brother walked out on her.
Nobody can beat level six.
Supernatural courage is needed when bringing a message to a hostile audience.
Living with apprehensive parents is being trapped in a tower.
A man can have a belly you could house a commercial aircraft in.
We are traversing the vast desert of day - to - day life.
Jason would rather bite the bullet than lose face by pulling out.
It was said that he had read so many books that his head was swimming in them.
All these parties will break my bank.
Dust-like snowflakes began to gather.
See, my dear, a pair of high heels is indispensable these days.
The joke was just epic!
I'm sure the spider was on the precipice of leaping off the wall, latch itself onto my leg and start gnawing me.
Not too far away is a chicken empire.
The girl is no big deal.
You could see she was scared to death.
I'll see him wriggle like a worm on a hook!
The man is the style.
One could swear that the contortionist had no bones.
Being in debt gives me a cold sweat.
Masses of garbage reached so high that it shook the walls.
You are not a fully-grown man, you are a clown.
This drink makes you grow wings.
Remember, quasimodo they're gypsies. they'll steal us under a cloud.
My lover's arms were made to bear me close.
The taste is perfect.
The veteran proclaimed he had tree trucks for both legs.
Being led around aimlessly felt like being a zombie.
It's painful to see you eating pineapple pizza. it breaks my italian heart.
Books are the best food for avid readers.
Many questions were thrown at us.
His eyes were pure black as a raven's.
Wow, I'm blue in the face today.
I know this place like the back of my hand.
He's a wrecking ball for the future of the party.
I can see you've gone mad.
It was unpleasant seeing her in those cheap shapeless clothes.
Daisy buchanan is gatsby's golden egg that he fails to possess.
I count on my green tea fix each morning!
You're so sweet, you give me diabetes.
His charisma magnetized us.
When you get emotional, your brain sort of goes out of whack.
Parents' affection is cosmic.
I can smell pizza from a mile away.
I don't work without coffee: it's my daily drug.
The resources are pitifully small.
She had a magical aura about her.
The title says it all.
The president said that the well-being of citizens is his north star.
Your judgement at this point is worth less than nothing.
The minister told the guests that the couple's friendship was sweeter than honey.
I swear you've doubled in size since I last bumped into you last month.
Weight training is ridiculously good for you.
His studded jacket is drilling holes in his body.
They go about together like siamese twins.
They were probably hoping to hang me out to dry in front of the whole world.
Guess you've run out of ideas.
One winter was so cold that the snow turned white.
So much snow that it's like walking in the firmament.
To some, ai is opening pandora's box.
She is only a puppet, following the directives of her friends.
Many people say that my father is still in the baby stage.
I've seen this movie at least eighty thousand times.
It's a doozy.
It is a truth universally acknowledged that a man with a silver spoon in his mouth must be in want of a wife.
Christmas will never come.
She ran the gamut of emotions.
He used to teach there and used to get harassed by all the pupils.
That lawyer's words are bullets.
The taste of kellogg's frosted flakes brings out the best in you.
Art is my way to the top.
No other friendship could be as strong as this.
It drives me up the wall when you only drink half of the soda.
And there, before you, is the ultimate barbeque perfection.
Come on, I'm a vault of secrecy.
Seeing my bestfriend again would mean the world to me.
After workout I feel I could lift a sumo wrestler.
We used to be as little independent as a flock of sheep.
His mother is very apprehensive and keeps him at arm's length.
That man corrupts whatsoever he lays his hands on.
These flowers are a sight for sore eyes!
And it is a tiny piece of heaven.
I love you from the bottom of my heart that none is left to protest.
Out of the question are you meeting with them.
This policy will plunge the country into a tailspin.
My hair is poker-straight.
Your body is a fairyland.
Sometimes ignorance is bliss.
I felt a burst of flavor in my mouth.
Your speech touched a chord.
This restaurant sums up the neighbour in all its swagger!
This blog is my safe haven, where my innermost secrets are shared.
He's a monster.
It's so dark, even a bat couldn't see in this room.
They were belly laughing to death.
You stepped on a land mine, boy.
Daisy was a glass ceiling woman.
These are the shining examples of the invincible smartness of the human race.
When everyone went home for holidays, the campus became a ghost town.
You're being stalked by a cold hearted vampire.
It'd take a miracle to get me into the army.
It's time to stop living like a dead man.
I lost touch with reality in the before christ to be precise.
Be as silent as a ninja.
On the move, there's no time.
You've made me the happiest man alive, rita.
I just got hit by a tidal wave of cramps.
He could swear he saw a puff of smoke coming out of her ears.
With a word she can get what she came for.
I swear he'd rather go hungry than even take a whiff of it!
That artist is a black sheep, she rarely speaks.
Forget knocking it out of the park, frank can knock a baseball off the wall.
We must bend to my mother's whims! we bow to her power!
This is a must buy!
The town I grew up in is so isolated that rock, paper, scissors is considered a high tech game.
He drank a tanker of milk as if he was a drain.
This musician is the god of guitar.
I do not breathe without you.
Better be in style than out of fashion.
You don't ever take my word for it.
I thought we had a deal but you stabbed me in the back.
Fabulous new haircut!
His bark breaks the sound barrier.
I cracked up laughing.
My tongue is a piece of sandpaper.
And your father and I worked on those plans together, over and over again.
He's light as a feather.
I'm quite imperturbable, only ufo can get under my skin.
When my dog waves, his tail it causes hurricanes.
The flower of poetry will spring forth toward god.
We picked up a bottle once on a trip and were blown away!
It is unthinkable to love and rule.
Given its advanced technologies, this is more of a space ship than a regular car.
People hang on your every word.
