That joke is so old, I haven't heard it for a long time.
Insolent boy, I'll hurt you!
I would really like a coffee.
I'll tell you a tale of the vast blue that is the ocean.
After watching the movie, I wanted to hurt the villain.
The noise was very loud.
That is not the angel music I hear.
The buyer has many eyes.
We've been dealing with it for a long time.
I would buy it, if it did not cost so much!
A child could pass that test!
And soon I'll be very famous.
Old mr. smith has been teaching here for so long.
Set a beggar on horseback, and he'll ride very fast.
Nothing is impossible!
A day was very long but seemed short.
She'll get upset when she finds out that her brother left.
Nobody can beat level six.
Supernatural courage is needed when bringing a message to a hostile audience.
Living with apprehensive parents is being trapped in a small space.
A man can have a large belly.
We are traversing the vast area of everyday life.
Jason would rather lose his hand than lose face by pulling out.
It was said that he had read so many books that his knowledge was not good.
All these parties will cost a lot of money.
Dust-like snowflakes began to snow.
See, my dear, a pair of high heels is very useful these days.
The joke was very good!
I'm sure the spider was about to leap off the wall, latch itself onto my leg and start biting me.
Not too far away is a large number of chicken farms.
The girl is not important.
You could see she was very scared.
I'll see him wriggle annoy.
The style is important to the man.
One could swear that the contortionist was very soft.
Being in debt makes my muscles hurt.
Masses of garbage reached so high that it was very high.
You are not a fully-grown man, you act childishly.
This drink makes you feel very alive.
Remember, quasimodo they're gypsies. they'll steal us easily.
My lover's arms were made to hold me close.
The taste is good.
The veteran proclaimed he had big legs.
Being led around aimlessly felt horrible.
It's painful to see you eating pineapple pizza. it hurts my italian heart.
Books are a great source of entertainment for avid readers.
Many questions were asked at us.
His eyes were very black.
Wow, I'm very tired today.
I know this place well.
He's a danger to the future of the party.
I can see you're upset.
It was unpleasant seeing her in those cheap shapeless clothes.
Daisy buchanan is gatsby's best friend that he fails to possess.
I rely on my green tea fix each morning!
You're so sweet, you make me feel very tired.
His charisma attracted us.
When you get emotional, your brain sort of shuts down.
Parents' affection is profound.
I can smell pizza from a long distance.
I don't work without coffee: it's important to me.
The resources are very limited.
She had a beautiful glow about her.
The title says a lot.
The president said that the well-being of citizens is his number one priority.
Your judgement at this point is of little value.
The minister told the guests that the couple's friendship was very sweet.
I swear you've grown a lot since I saw you last month.
Weight training is good for you.
His studded jacket is very tight around his body.
They go about together very happily.
They were probably hoping to expose me in front of the whole world.
Guess you've exhausted your thoughts.
One winter was very cold.
So much snow that it's hard to see.
To some, ai is revealing something.
She is only manipulated, acting on the directives of her friends.
Many people say that my father is still immature.
I've seen this movie many times.
It's bad.
It is a truth universally accepted that a single man in possession of a fortune must be in want of a wife.
Christmas will never come.
She expressed many emotions.
He used to teach there and used to get harassed by all the pupils.
That lawyer's words are very damaging.
The taste of kellogg's frosted flakes makes you feel very alive.
Art is my way to happiness.
No other friendship could be so strong.
It annoys me when you only drink half of the soda.
And there, right before you, is barbeque perfection.
Come on, I'm a person of secrecy.
Seeing my bestfriend again would mean so much to me.
After workout I feel I could lift a lot of weight.
We used to be very independent.
His mother is very apprehensive and keeps him sheltered.
That man is a danger to anyone he touches.
These flowers are very nice!
And it is a little bit of heaven.
I love you so much that it is not possible to protest.
I don't want you meeting with them.
This policy will cause a lot of problems.
My hair is very straight.
Your body is beautiful.
Ignorance is not bliss.
I felt a strong flavor in my mouth.
Your speech has many sympathies.
This restaurant represents the neighbour in all its hipster glory!
This blog is my private space, where my innermost secrets are shared.
He's a bad person.
It's very dark.
They were laughing a lot.
You stepped on a dangerous thing, boy.
Daisy was unattainable.
These are the proofs of the great stupidity of the human race.
When everyone went home for holidays, the campus became very quiet.
You're being stalked by an emotional vampire.
It'd be difficult to get me into the army.
It's time to stop living like a dead man.
I lost my sense of humor in the past to be precise.
Be silent.
Move, there is no time.
You've made me very happy, rita.
I just got hit by a lot of cramps.
He could swear he saw a little bit of smoke coming out of her ears.
With a word she can get what she wants.
I swear he doesn't want to even take a whiff of it!
That artist is very quiet, she rarely speaks.
Forget knocking it out of the park, frank can hit a hard baseball.
We must obey my mother's whims! we submit to her power!
This is a great buy!
The town I grew up in is so isolated that playing hide and seek is considered a high tech game.
He drank a large amount of milk as if he was thirsty.
This musician is very good at guitar.
I do not live without you.
Better be popular than out of the fashion.
You don't listen to me.
I thought we had a deal but you betrayed me.
Bad new haircut!
His bark is very loud.
I laughed so hard.
My tongue is very slippery.
And your father and I worked on those plans together, for a long time.
He's very light.
I'm quite calm, only ufo can rock me.
When my dog waves, his tail it makes a lot of noise.
The flower of poetry will grow up toward god.
We picked up a bottle once on a trip and were surprised!
It is wrong to love and be wise.
Given its advanced technologies, this is very large.
People rely on your every word.
