That joke is so old, the last time I heard it I was riding on a dinosaur.
Insolent boy, I'll cut you to ribbons!
I would give my life for a cup of coffee.
I'll tell you a tale of the vast blue that is the ocean.
After watching the movie, I resolved to put the villain through the wall into the next planet.
The noise was so great, that it was heard in both the kingdoms.
That must be the angel music I see.
The buyer has got of a hundred eyes.
We've been dealing with it for months, and months and months.
I would buy it, if it did not run an arm and a leg!
Even a baby could pass that test!
And soon I'll be made famous beyond belief.
Old mr. smith has been teaching here since the beginning of time.
Set a beggar on horseback, and he'll go to the devil.
Nothing's lost!
A day was twenty-four hours long but made longer.
She'll go ballistic when she finds out that her brother left.
Nobody can reach level six.
Supernatural courage is needed when bringing a message to a hostile audience.
Living with apprehensive parents is being set in a tower.
A man can have a belly you could house a commercial aircraft in.
We are lost in the vast desert of everyday life.
Jason would rather lose an arm than lose face by cutting out.
It was said that he had read so many books that his brain ran dry.
All these parties will break my bank.
Dust-like snowflakes began to fall.
See, my dear, a pair of high heels is indispensable these days.
The joke was just epic!
I'm sure the spider was about to leap off the wall, grab itself onto my leg and start gnawing me.
Not too far away is spread an empire of chicken farms.
The girl stands no one.
You could see she was scared to death.
I'll see him wriggle like a worm on a hook!
The style fits the man.
One could see that the contortionist had no bones.
Being in debt makes my muscles burn.
Masses of garbage rose so high that it lifted the roof.
You are not a fully-grown man, you are a clown.
This drink makes you spread wings.
Remember, quasimodo they're gypsies. they'll make us blind.
My lover's arms were made to bear me close.
The taste is gone.
The veteran proclaimed he had tree trucks for arms.
Being led around aimlessly felt like being a zombie.
It's painful to see you eating pineapple pizza. it breaks my italian heart.
Books are food for avid readers.
Many questions were thrown at us.
His eyes were burning black.
Wow, I'm dead from the neck up today.
I know this place like the back of my hand.
He's a wrecking ball for the future of the party.
I can see you've gone mad.
It was unpleasant seeing her in those cheap shapeless clothes.
Daisy buchanan is gatsby's grail that he fails to reach.
I count on my green tea fix each morning!
You're so sweet, you give me diabetes.
His charisma magnetized us.
When you get emotional, your brain sort of goes haywire.
Parents' affection is boundless.
I can smell pizza from a mile away.
I don't go without coffee: it's my lifeblood.
The resources are pitifully spread.
She bore an ethereal glow about her.
The title says it all.
The president holds that the well-being of citizens is his north star.
Your judgement at this point is worth less than nothing.
The minister told the guests that the couple's friendship was sweeter than honey.
I swear you've grown in size since I saw you last month.
Weight training is ridiculously good for you.
His studded jacket is burning in his body.
They went about together like siamese twins.
They were probably prepared to crucify me in front of the whole world.
Guess you've run out of ideas.
One winter was so cold that the snow lay blue.
So much snow that it's like lying in the firmament.
To some, ai is tearing the lid off pandora's box.
She is only a puppet, following on the directives of her friends.
Many people say that my father is still a child.
I've seen this movie at least eighty thousand times.
It's the end of the world.
It is a truth universally held that a single man in possession of a fortune must be in want of a wife.
Christmas will never come.
She runs the whole gamut of emotions.
He used to teach there and used to get harassed by all the pupils.
That lawyer's words are like bullets.
The taste of kellogg's frosted flakes brings out the lion in you.
Art is my way to heaven.
No other friendship could be so boundless.
It drives me crazy when you only take half of the soda.
And there, before you, lies barbeque perfection.
Come on, I'm a vault of secrecy.
Seeing my bestfriend again would mean the world to me.
After workout I feel I could lift a sumo wrestler.
We used to be as little independent as a flock of sheep.
His mother is very apprehensive and puts him in a bubble.
That man corrupts whatsoever he lays.
These flowers are absurdly splendid!
And it is a tiny piece of heaven.
I love you with so much of my heart that none is left to shrink.
Over my dead body are you linked with them.
This policy will bring the country into a chaos.
My hair is poker-straight.
Your body is a fairyland.
Sometimes, ignorance is bliss.
I felt an explosion of flavor in my mouth.
Your speech moved a thousand sympathies.
This restaurant shows up the neighbour in all its hipster glory!
This blog is my harem, where my innermost secrets are revealed.
He's a beast.
It's so dark, even a bat couldn't see in this room.
They were chortling to death.
You set on a land mine, boy.
Daisy was an unattainable woman.
These are the proof of the invincible smartness of the human race.
When everyone went home for holidays, the campus lay a ghost town.
You're being stalked by an emotional vampire.
It'd take a miracle to get me into the army.
It's time to stop living like a dead man.
I lost my sense of humor in the before christ to be precise.
Be hidden as a ninja.
Move, there's no time left.
You've made me the happiest man alive, rita.
I just got struck by an avalanche of cramps.
He could swear he saw a wisp of smoke rise out of her ears.
With a word she can get what she came for.
I swear he'd rather die of starvation than even catch a whiff of it!
That artist is a wordless person, she rarely stirs.
Forget knocking it out of the park, frank can knock a baseball off the continent.
We must bend to my mother's whims! we bow to her power!
This is a must have!
The town I grew up in is so isolated that rock, paper, scissors is considered a high tech game.
He drained a tanker of milk as if he was a drain.
This musician stands the god of guitar.
I do not feel without you.
Better be out of the world than in the fashion.
You don't ever follow to me.
I thought we had a deal but you stabbed me in the back.
Fabulous new haircut!
His bark breaks the sound barrier.
I cracked my ribs laughing.
My tongue is made of sandpaper.
And your father and I worked on those plans together, for months and months and hours.
He's light like a feather.
I'm quite imperturbable, only ufo can shake me.
When my dog waves, his tail it makes hurricanes.
The flower of poetry will rise up toward god.
We picked up a bottle once on a trip and were carried away!
It is unthinkable to rise and be wise.
Given its advanced technologies, this is more of a spacecraft than a regular car.
People hang on your every word.
