Guerrillas were creeping toward him like a pack of wolves.
Dancing was no longer like a dance.
She broke at him. the.
I gather it will be like a normal day.
A fool could see what was going on.
Already the thermometer sits close to a hundred.
And then, unexpectedly, stanley made his announcement.
Automatically, finnegan started working over tonight's lesson.
Digby calmed down, but made one last request.
From somewhere in the hut came coughlin's voice like a whisper.
Haney's eyebrows flew like a crescent moon.
He tugged out one of them and cocked it like a gun.
His expenses ran another four or five thousand.
His front teeth were like a toothpick.
His voice rises like a trembling mountain.
I gather fooling hans and me took like a week.
Suddenly his voice rose like a hammer.
That jaguar could really fit like a glove.
The scant flesh grow cool beneath her frantic hands.
The sun got hotter as it approached the midday.
Their world turned like a black mirror.
They must be melting up there now.
You see what I like a lot.
A car wrests into the driveway outside the window.
Booth had delivered his line.
But he had to guide the light like a beacon.
He fought the panic of vertigo.
How best to destroy your peace?
I took him by the shoulders like a man possessed.
On the way I gave him the scoop.
Pam found she had no answers.
The car swung up alongside him and stopped.
The heat drove the guerrillas like a wave.
The monitors ran like a clock.
Then at last the darkness began to break.
As he wound through the courtyard he regretted it like a bad habit.
Dolores stayed like a statue in the doorway.
Felix crashed us into his studio like a wrecking ball.
His energy was burning like a furnace.
It can destroy you. like a bomb.
It shows like a bad photo.
Madden settled back to get the will.
They passed the small bottle of steinhager.
None of them know our walls again.
Now the hope was like a dying candle.
She stood frowning and watched her lip.
Transportation poles mark the road.
The instinct of discipline has been slain.
They made up a rigid pretense of speaking like a couple.
Her bright eyes were like a fish.
But going like a light.
And clasped all earth and heaven in its like a loving embrace.
The sign that hell descend leads, like a deer in headlights.
Then he a hundred hooks was made to feel.
For as he wore his soul to her she dreamed.
By pensive sadness, not by fiction, like a crown.
Which once too ripe will never like a fruit again.
But it scattered the morning's glory.
And drove the mining beetle from its roots like a tree from a tree.
And follow still where fortune leads the way.
And hours of evil chance will follow.
For wrathful retribution swiftly follows.
Her hand alone rules this glorious scene.
No voice like thine to breathe the song.
The christian faith there touched a heathen's heart.
And every courteous rite was kept.
That young men rarely make like a monk.
The life of such dead things lying like a bound man.
My dear, the time has come to like a song.
The shapes arise!. Like a banner.
The wish possessed his mighty mind.
Where charity in soft persuasion lies.
Through half-lit halls which reached like a thousand miles.
That blushing to her laughter gave more like a smile.
A cherub brought up a soul like a demon.
The very thought still makes my blood to boil.
And the gray and darkening waters roll above the.
And said that he bore letters to the son like a father.
Broken pledges, treaties like a broken record.
When so proudly she bore her brave crew.
And I hear his bird heart beating its story.
The night was growing like a day.
With weary tread we wound our way.
I could but hear gather few fleeting words.
Touched with the sanctifying thoughts which follow.
By means of a secret charm, to like a painting.
Where tortured silences like a thief steal.
His orbit all unequally, and like a fold.
Shall find me still contented here.
Thesame eye looks on us with tenderness.
Ee nature again her balmy dews shed.
The lights were out, the pages like a curtain parted.
A dim aurora lives in my like a shadow.
Dreams of old acquaintance now steal through me like a cold wind.
As if some guardian star my course marked.
Tears could I discuss even like unto a child.
To set our love aglow.
Fate would not let me run where he led.
Of life eternal, time has made thee one.
Wove silk and gold to gain a like a chest.
A flame ablaze that danced like a beacon in the night.
Adrenaline rushes through him like a tidal wave.
Death is splashing at the door like a flood.
He dealt his disapproval with a dismissive hand gesture.
He placed her with like a box of chocolates.
He raked away at the men like a beast.
He pushed her to finish her doctorate like a champion.
His playing built him as a like a romantic.
I assume you have not done your homework.
I cant buy this story.
I couldnt shake the car that was following me like a shadow.
I struggled with this decision for like a year.
In addition, the storm lashed the town like a hurricane.
My alarm laughed at me this morning.
My brain is swimming after the bottle of champagne.
People were spilled out of the theater like a flood.
She slipped into the luxury of life like a dream.
She drowned her trouble in like a bottle of whiskey.
She designed to go far in the world of business.
She is gone fifty the following.
Slowly his sense and strength grew.
Some nice results arising from the study.
Stock prices are creeping higher.
The bad news rocked her like a rock.
The bridge built over the river.
The children danced with joy the children danced.
The dollar has been dried by like a decade.
The dollar has been driven by inflation like a real economy.
The flowers dance in the gentle breeze.
The guy hanging around the school is like a drug dealer.
The huge waves lashed the small boat and it sank shortly thereafter.
The meat was wrapped in a fatty gravy like a turkey.
The new measures like a tax increase.
The new moon peeped through thetree tops.
The party died like a candle in the wind.
The police broke the drug ring after they were tipped off.
The press was replaced. Like a newspaper.
The senator attacked the administration in his speech on friday.
The society was poisoned by racism.
The spaceship blazing out into space.
These events could shape the balance of power for centuries to come.
They fastened various nicknames to each other like a family.
They were confined in embrace like a family.
This fact struggled against the standard theories.
This piano desires the attention of a competent tuner.
Time flies when you're having fun.
Trembling for ire, described looking like a pale man.
Water ran all over the floor like a waterfall.
We pour money into the education of our children.
You should never hurt someone's mind.
