From the day you were born, you've been like a well-seasoned superhero.
For centuries, the Tyrant has made life like an impatient storm reaching to be a hurricane.
You’ve discovered that your body is like bulletproof glass.
Seemingly honorable it would be easy to mistake you to be like a valiant knight.
A few weeks later, a letter arrives, explaining that you are like a blooming flower in a field of sunflowers.
After taking a pill, you suddenly realize that it all was hard to master.
Unfortunately, their ideas about your past life are like drunken bat takes at a dart board.
A rather mundane day changes when you unearth something black and white.
But times are hard, and silver bullets are like fine china these days.
Whenever the sun goes away, he stays up there keeping the magic alive.
The majority of law enforcement has become obsolete.
Your guardian angel is just a little too much awake.
The sun is nowhere to be found, and the streets are like a ghost town.
After a few weeks he’s starting to feel like a wild man.
You decline but the man is annoy.
Last night you learned from your wife that lucid dreams are like balmy days in London.
As you approach him, his eyes begin to fill with tears that appear like trembling stars.
Milton scrunched his eyes and moodily turned back to his computer like a man without oars.
The news hit me like a ton of bricks.
It makes Hunger Games look comical.
The bliss has reached fever pitch as it engulfs me like afternoon sun's rays.
Streaks of electricity cackled through the air, swirling around and around like a tango with death itself.
Off she went like a ballistic missile.
You just started staring off into space and smiling dead.
Clare felt each stirke like it were the plunge of a poison-soaked blade.
Having a thin figure, he looked like a dead, overgrown blade of grass.
The wind stampeded through me like a desperate herd of wildebeest.
I start to prowl across the room dangerously.
Pain shoots out high in the air.
At that point, it could spread like wildfire.
The words cut through the air like hot iron sharpening skirt pleats.
The library grew back hard to kill.
The door seemed impenetrable, like a murderer's heart.
Adrenaline shot through him like a bolt of lightning.
Pale, yet bright it's flesh glowed flammable.
The old van in the field is like baby wrapped up in a blanket.
Hitler skittered off like an enthusiastic sloth.
Panic is sweeping through the streets like an ambitious virus.
Thrown out like sweat-soaked gym socks.
I wander like a lost lover.
Keaton was lying face down on the ground sharp and dangerous.
The sound hit Frank like the carnal screams of a rock concert moshpit.
Her neck was like the soft curve of a pearl.
They had shut him in a basement that looked like a can of sardines.
The images flashed in the brilliance that covered him soft and fluffy.
It was red, like a forbidden rose.
The sound of his own blood sounds like scraping metal against a chalkboard.
Pink orange yellow green black white, I felt numb and slack-jawed, gaping round.
In the dead of summer, in Ohio, the clothes felt like melting rubber.
I live like a boss.
You visit the tower at night to get a fresh perspective, expecting nothing like the glory of the Northen Lights.
A character knows that their universe is fictional, but everyone thinks they are a clown.
They all agree the books are good reads, but they are like kangaroos in antartica.
But he's much stronger than you and his ideas are like a jet black against your neon green.
Honestly, we probably should have coordinated like twins with matching outfits.
You wake one morning to find your entire family lying like black slabs of cement.
In most horror settings, silence is like an unknown knight in shining armour.
But the next morning, it sounds comical.
Drinking it will either kill you, or grant you strength and abilities like a fountain.
Constructing the flat pack TV cabinet was meant to be as easy as putting on velcro shoes.
Growing up, people always thought you were like an okapi in a herd of donkeys.
It seems like he's just really charismatic, until his demands become gradually more dangerous.
A bright light shines above you, but the rest of the room is pitch black.
We see billionaires with full meters and homeless people like pieces of meat.
One day you decide to test it out and what you experience is dangerous.
The things that wait in between the two are like the mud and leaves clogging the drain.
Friends' bars are almost full while strangers' are like dying smartphone batteries.
They just killed an investigation journalist that was looking a curious toddler up a blind alley.
To the superhero they are keeping the people and the world like well-oiled machines.
After finding a strange mask on the beach, you become suddenly more hot as hell.
When times are good, your dreams are like black clouds.
Except no one knows because they are like flies.
But this other world doesn't want to be known, it wants to remain like a creature amidst the uncharted depths of the sea.
You are a chef who prepares onions in a world where crying is like a bullet through the heart.
You are the final boss of a videogame and are like the vassal of a mighty empire.
Navigating fantasy "Japan" has proven very [difficult]
You are an oracle whose predictions have always come true.
As they touch the ground, they are like falling snowflakes.
They were visible to all, but like blurry watercolored lines.
It starts to worry you that everyone is like a snowman looking at the first spring sun.
If it falls into the wrong hands it would be like nuclear holocaust.
Because of this, all interstellar species evolved on gas giants and thought earth was like a black hole.
Maybe you'll give Valhalla a try, the possibilities are wide open.
You’ve just made a breakthrough in AI that meant that our species became like pieces of meat.
When the prophet told you that all your dreams would come true, you were green with envy.
While it has been confirmed to not be blood the truth is even more like broken bones in a closet.
No matter how many times you try you're always like a sloth at a racetrack.
Turns out, tag between super heroes can get dangerous.
Netflix & Chill just went hard to crack.
The secret is you can rewind time like a held breath.
After 10 minutes your head goes like the morning fog.
As a human tick hybrid, life can sometimes be like sucking the life out of dried fruit.
Unfortunately, you have a "spiritual disorder", and your luck is almost always as black as hell.
Describe your 'real' self in third person without sounding vain.
This tale, however, speaks of a god who's as incompetent as he is as a fly.
The horse, who gets the conversation, is like an undercomplemented beauty queen.
The bottom of the ocean is dark, like a dungeon in a fortress of shadows.
When you confront him about it, he is as cute as a button.
When you were but a child, your creative power was like the beating of a million suns.
Her relationships with family and friends are like jigsaw pieces.
The predators never anticipated their enemies would be this much like iron and copper.
You wake up to find that is like a deep freeze.
Trying to rationalize the situation eventually becomes like trying to catch a mouse.
Nobody notices until your body is found, like a gray frostbitten log.
Until you notice their eyes are blazing like celestial emeralds.
The shade and sarcasm they throw at each other is too damn much like watching monkey's food fight with bananas.
Though the distance I have to cover is short, it feels like a scorching trek through death valley.
The surface of Mars was blossoming like the garden of the gods.
The city was worth its weight in gold.
They were well-cooked, and actually tasted like how a symphony sounds.
It was obscene, but she was drawn to it, like moth to a flame.
Rory looked at her as if she were tacky.
My eyes teared up and I could feel my face turning red.
She smirked when she saw me looking at it, eyes huge and mouth b.
I made quick work of one with my knife and slipped inside like a shadow on the wall.
He adjusted himself groggily, but upon seeing me, he sprang up like a soldier at first light.
I needed to keep my cool, but the King surely wasn't making it like a stroll in the park.
He was executed the next day, and Sparrow was declared to be as dead as a dodo.
Then there weren’t any more parties as the house became a ghost town.
The man’s pale skin appeared human, but appearances were like white lies.
I knew there was pain but this was like being seered in the bud.
It wouldn't always be noticeable, but it was always there like the morning dew.
But when we made contact with them they were like shy kindergarteners.
He had a wide smile, but his eyes were cold, yet intense like polar ice.
The knocking on the door was more assertive now, more loud and clear.
They put up a brave face as governments become like iron cudgels.
An ordinary citizen coming to power in this way is like a blue moon.
Yet as the days would pass the user would become dead as a dodo.
After decades of drought the Western United states is declared like a sandy deathtrap.
You both have something important to say, but time is fly.
You're the only one who notices, but you're remarkably like a level-headed pilot.
The child's job is to attract followers to make their deity more omnipotent.
Everyone is a robot subtly testing you, but you are starting to get like an amateur sleuth.
You have no idea why people suddenly have become like pale frail zombies.
Their nuclear program however, has fallen like a dead tree in a field.
You can freely switch between them, but the rest go like dying embers.
The suspect on your biggest case is squeaky clean, but you know they're like a can of worms.
Several thousand years in the future, humans evolved to be like flesh and blood.
Amen has fascinating joyful dreams every night, while his real life is like a perpetual thunderstorm of misuer.
All contact with the surface has been lost, and the radiation topside is like skin-permeating poison.
You are at a business dinner with your boss when your phone rings out loud and clear.
A global catastrophe causes all major technology to be gone like burned ashes.
We have learned that the ending of the Earth is imminent like black hole.
On your way to work, you notice the world is like a hushed preschool classroom.
It was a moonless nights, the air was still and the crickets were like living shadows.
Reincarnation has been proven, memories are now like items in the school lost and found.
We're starting to discover life is like a mountain.
In the near future e-sports have become extremely popular and like a hot commodity.
Your dog is very excited to see you and is acting like a hyperactive sloth.
Telling lies to the young is like cutting the wings off a butterfly.
