From the day you were born, you've been dangerous.
For centuries, the Tyrant has made life dangerous.
You’ve discovered that your body is hard.
Seemingly honorable it would be easy to mistake you to be honor.
A few weeks later, a letter arrives, explaining that you are beautiful.
After taking a pill, you suddenly realize that it all was difficult.
Unfortunately, their ideas about your past life are incorrect.
A rather mundane day changes when you unearth something dangerous.
But times are hard, and silver bullets are very valuable these days.
Whenever the sun goes away, he stays up there keeping the magic dangerous.
The majority of law enforcement has become obsolete.
Your guardian angel is just a little too much awake.
The sun is nowhere to be found, and the streets are dangerous.
After a few weeks he’s starting to feel dangerous.
You decline but the man is annoy.
Last night you learned from your wife that lucid dreams are pleasant.
As you approach him, his eyes begin to shed tears that appear beautiful.
Milton scrunched his eyes and moodily turned back to his computer dangerous.
The news hit me hollow.
It makes Hunger Games look comical.
The bliss has reached fever pitch as it engulfs me warm.
Streaks of electricity cackled through the air, swirling around and around romantic.
Off she went dangerous.
You just started staring off into space and smiling dangerous.
Clare felt each stirke fatal.
Having a thin figure, he looked dangerous.
The wind stampeded through me extinct.
I start to prowl across the room dangerous.
Pain shoots out dangerous.
At that point, it could spread dangerous.
The words cut through the air dangerous.
The library grew back good for your health.
The door seemed impenetrable, dangerous.
Adrenaline shot through him dangerous.
Pale, yet bright it's flesh glowed dangerous.
The old van in the field is soft and fluffy.
Hitler skittered off annoy.
Panic is sweeping through the streets infect.
Thrown away wet.
I wander unattractive.
Keaton was lying face down on the ground dangerous.
The sound hit Frank very loud.
Her neck was beautiful.
They had shut him in a basement that looked dangerous.
The images flashed in the brilliance that covered him soft and cozy.
It was red, dangerous.
The sound of his own blood sounds unpleasant.
Pink orange yellow green black white, I felt numb and slack-jawed, gaping edible.
In the dead of summer, in Ohio, the clothes felt unpleasant.
I live rich.
You visit the tower at night to get a new perspective, expecting nothing spectacular.
A character knows that their universe is fictional, but everyone thinks they are funny.
They all agree the books are good reads, but they are very romantic.
But he's much stronger than you and his ideas are black.
Honestly, we probably should have coordinated like identical twins with matching outfits.
You wake one morning to find your entire family lying hard.
In most horror settings, silence is important.
But the next morning, it sounds cute.
Drinking it will either kill you, or grant you strength and abilities beautiful.
Constructing the flat pack TV cabinet was meant to be difficult.
Growing up, people always thought you were dangerous.
It seems like he's just really charismatic, until his demands become gradually more dangerous.
A bright light shines above you, but the rest of the room is dark.
We see billionaires with full meters and homeless people hollow.
One day you decide to test it out and what you experience is dangerous.
The things that wait in between the two are slippery.
Friends' bars are almost full while strangers' are almost empty.
They just killed an investigation journalist that was looking a curious toddler pressed against a store window.
To the superhero they are keeping the people and the world amuse.
After finding a strange mask on the beach, you become suddenly more hot.
When times are good, your dreams are dangerous.
Except no one knows because they are small.
But this other world doesn't want to be known, it wants to remain dangerous.
You are a chef who prepares onions in a world where crying is fatal.
You are the final boss of a videogame and are powerful.
Navigating fantasy "Japan" has proven very [hard]
You are an oracle whose predictions have always come bright.
As they touch the ground, they are slippery.
They were visible to all, but confuse.
It starts to worry you that everyone is beautiful.
If it falls into the wrong hands it would be terrible.
Because of this, all interstellar species evolved on gas giants and thought earth was painful.
Maybe you'll give Valhalla a try, the possibilities are dangerous.
You’ve just made a breakthrough in AI that meant that our species became useless.
When the prophet told you that all your dreams would come true, you were lucky.
While it has been confirmed to not be blood the truth is even more tragic.
No matter how many times you try you're always fast.
Turns out, tag between super heroes can get dangerous.
Netflix & Chill just went frustrate.
The secret is soothe.
After 10 minutes your head becomes cool.
As a human tick hybrid, life can sometimes be unpleasant.
Unfortunately, you have a "spiritual disorder", and your luck is almost always slippery.
Describe your 'real' self in third person without sounding vain.
This tale, however, speaks of a god who's very small.
The horse, who understands the conversation, is vain.
The bottom of the ocean is dark, dangerous.
When you confront him about it, he is annoy.
When you were but a child, your creative power was very strong.
Her relationships with family and friends are difficult to solve.
The predators never expected their enemies would be this much like titanium.
You wake up to find that is dangerous.
Trying to rationalize the situation eventually becomes dangerous.
Nobody notices until your body is found, hard.
Until you notice their eyes are very bright.
The shade and sarcasm they throw at each other is too damn much funny.
Though the distance I have to cover is short, it feels dangerous.
The surface of Mars was blossoming beautiful.
The city was hard to break.
They were well-cooked, and actually tasted beautiful.
It was obscene, but she was drawn to it, dangerous.
Rory looked at her as if she were tacky.
My eyes teared up and I could feel my face turning red.
She smirked cavernous.
I made quick work of one with my knife and slipped inside black.
He adjusted himself groggily, but upon seeing me, he sprang up alert.
I needed to keep my cool, but the King surely wasn't making it enjoyable.
He was executed the next day, and Sparrow was declared to be dead.
Then there weren’t any more parties as the house became creepy.
The man’s pale skin appeared human, but appearances were hard to see.
I knew there was pain but this was painful.
It wouldn't always be noticeable, but it was always cool.
But when we made contact with them they were annoy.
He had a wide smile, but his eyes were cold, yet intense dangerous.
The knocking on the door was more assertive now, more important.
They put up a brave face as governments become like tightening their muscles.
An ordinary citizen coming to power in this way is full of water.
Yet as the days would pass the user would become dangerous.
After decades of drought the Western United states is declared dangerous.
You both have something important to say, but time is painful.
You're the only one who notices, but you're remarkably helpful.
The child's job is to attract followers to make their deity more omnipotent.
Everyone is a robot subtly testing you, but you are starting to get dangerous.
You have no idea why people suddenly have become like pale frail zombies.
Their nuclear program however, has fallen dangerous.
You can freely switch between them, but the rest go dangerous.
The suspect on your biggest case is squeaky clean, but you know they're dangerous.
Several thousand years in the future, humans evolved to be animate.
Amen has fascinating joyful dreams every night, while his real life is dangerous.
All contact with the surface has been lost, and the radiation topside is dangerous.
You are at a business dinner with your boss when your phone rings out loud and scary.
A global catastrophe causes all major technology to be rendered bad for your health.
We have learned that the ending of the Earth is imminent black.
On your way to work, you notice the world is noisy.
It was a moonless nights, the air was still and the crickets were beautiful.
Reincarnation has been proven, memories are now useless.
We're starting to discover life is hard to climb.
In the near future e-sports have become extremely popular and risky.
Your dog is very excited to see you and is acting slow.
Telling lies to the young is dangerous.
